1. Which of the following is a characteristic of a business-format franchise:
A. The name of the business is chosen by the franchisee.
B. Products are bought directly from the supplier.
C. It is the least popular franchise arrangement.
D. Continuous assistance is provided by the franchisor.
2. What should business employees possess in order to extract relevant information from written materials?
A. Ability to listen 
B. Limited vocabularies 
C. Good reading skills
D. Effective speaking voice
3. What type of information should employees be able to locate in their company's employee handbook?
A. The company's annual report
B. The company's list of current job openings
C. The use of company property
D. The number of vacation days that an employee has taken
4. Millie is reading a book to learn how to knit. She wants to make her sister a scarf for Christmas, but it's only a week away, and she doesn't have much time. Millie decides to skip ahead of the directions, and the scarf winds up looking more like a potholder. Which of the following tips for following directions did Millie ignore:
A. Accept responsibility 
B. Know when to speak 
C. Don't rush
D. Note key words
5. Which of the following is a guideline for effective verbal communication:
A. Keep the voice at the same pitch 
C. Try to avoid eye contact
B. Use speech mannerisms 
D. Use gestures for emphasis
6. The most effective way to interpret others' nonverbal cues often is to look at their
A. facial expressions. 
C. clothing style.
B. leg movements. 
D. office decor.
7. When giving verbal directions to employees about how to complete a task, it is often helpful to
A. speak softly. 
C. use complex words.
B. use visuals. 
D. limit body language.
8. Roberto has just finished giving a presentation about global warming. An obviously irritated audiencemember stands and says that there is no evidence to prove global warming exists. Roberto calmly readsresults from three scientific reports on its existence. Roberto's response is an example of
A. a transition. 
C. defending an idea objectively.
B. an effective conclusion. 
D. expressing a cultural barrier.
9. What is an advantage to a business of encouraging employees to participate in group discussions?
A. Many opinions increase the chances of developing useful recommendations.
B. It makes it easier to reach a unanimous decision.
C. Less conflict is likely to occur when discussing controversial issues.
D. The participants' input usually helps the business to resolve problems quickly.
10. When taking notes during a seminar, a businessperson should write down
A. all details. 
C. key points.
B. information of interest. 
D. inaccurate statements.
11. Using a table to present or summarize data in a written document is most appropriate when
A. the data are too complex to describe in the body of the text.
B. it is important to build credibility and impress the audience.
C. the report does not require a bibliography.
D. it is placed in the appendices of a complex report.
12. A business that writes letters to customers to confirm their orders or requests should make sure that theletters contain
A. a map of all business locations. 
C. exchange rates.
B. product ratings and grades. 
D. all the necessary information.
13. The primary purpose of placing headings and subheadings in a long business report is to
A. provide supporting evidence for key points.
B. attract attention to the writer's hidden agenda.
C. organize content in a cohesive, manageable way.
D. solicit an opinion or response from the audience.
14. Which of the following information should be included in the inside address section of a business letter:
A. Message 
C. Date
B. Subject 
D. Title
15. When writing informational messages, it is most important to communicate
A. an honest opinion. 
C. accurate content.
B. emotional appeal. 
D. a request for action.
16. What type of information should a business include when writing a sales proposal to send to a customer?
A. Shipping and receiving 
C. Pricing and accounting
B. Features and benefits 
D. Laws and regulations
17. Which of the following is not a good technique for participating in a staff meeting:
A. Understand the goal of the meeting prior to its start
B. Contribute at least one opinion to every staff meeting in which you participate
C. Avoid arguing with other participants, even if you strongly disagree with their point of view
D. Follow the instructions of the group leader, even if you have a better idea for organizing themeeting
18. A customer asks Roger a question about a product, and he isn't sure of the correct answer. Heimmediately phones his supervisor to get the needed information. Which technique for building positivecustomer relations does this illustrate?
A. Pay attention to internal customers. 
C. Be helpful.
B. Keep your promises. 
D. Be thankful.
19. One way that employees can provide efficient, quick service to customers is by being
A. forceful. 
C. detached.
B. organized. 
D. aggressive.
20. Kate's coworker Jack is meeting with a very important German client tomorrow. Kate has been toGermany several times, and tells Jack that German businesspeople tend to be very formal and serious inbusiness situations. After learning this information, Jack now knows that he should avoid
A. shaking hands. 
C. using humor.
B. using titles. 
D. making eye contact.
21. Business policies that focus on meeting consumers' wants and needs while making a fair profit for thebusiness are primarily intended to
A. keep operations running smoothly. 
C. reduce misunderstandings.
B. guide employees' actions. 
D. satisfy customers.
22. Carrie has a summer job cleaning and maintaining backyard pools. Her boss thinks she does a great job.Today, she has a new client. For a while, he was watching her from the porch, and then he came out andstood just a few feet away from her. "Don't do it that way," he instructed. "You're using too much chlorine.Should I just measure it out for you?" Carrie's customer is
A. suspicious. 
C. domineering/superior.
B. slow/methodical. 
D. irritable/moody.
23. Which of the following are the three major areas of customer complaints:
A. Labeling, faulty design, and mispricing 
C. Product, personnel, and the business
B. Improper decisions, oversight, and service 
D. Poor service, inaccurate forms, and rudeness
24. Which of the following is a consumer good:
A. Point-of-sale terminal 
C. Children's apparel
B. Display racks 
D. Employee uniforms
25. The gap between unlimited desires for products and limited resources is known as
A. conservation. 
C. abundance.
B. scarcity. 
D. unemployment.
26. A refinery in Houston processes crude oil into gasoline and delivers it to a service station in California.Which two types of utility are being created in this situation?
A. Place and time 
C. Form and place
B. Form and time 
D. Time and possession
27. When the price of a product is high, consumer demand will usually be
A. high. 
C. unchanged.
B. low. 
D. about average.
28. Social responsibility is the duty of business to
A. contribute to the well-being of society. 
C. contribute to product development.
B. provide social activities for employees. 
D. provide educational loans to employees.
29. Taking the profits from the businesses it owns is one way that the government of a __________ economyobtains capital.
A. communist command 
C. market
B. free enterprise 
D. traditional
30. Income from sales minus the cost of merchandise sold calculates a business's
A. gross domestic product. 
C. net profit or loss.
B. operating expenses. 
D. gross profit on sales.
31. One way in which government protects private property is to provide
A. fire insurance policies. 
C. Federal Reserve Banks.
B. local governmental programs. 
D. patents or copyrights.
32. Which of the following is most likely to help any business reach maximum productivity:
A. Using one-way communication to inform workers
B. Making managers responsible for all decisions
C. Offering inflexible work schedules and overtime hours
D. Combining well-qualified workers and efficient job methods
33. Emotional intelligence is especially important today because
A. everyone can be a world traveler and see other cultures.
B. our culture is more relaxed and free.
C. people need to interact in more secure business environments.
D. collaboration is becoming a standard method of achieving business goals.
34. Visualizing yourself as you would like to be is a technique that
A. is seldom rewarding. 
C. takes time and practice.
B. does not work well. 
D. is quick and easy to learn.
35. A restaurant developed a new recipe for its beef ribs, which it wished to keep secret. When interviewingpotential employees to prepare the ribs, what personal trait would be the most important to therestaurant?
A. Tact 
C. Industry
B. Loyalty 
D. Initiative
36. One way employees can demonstrate initiative is by handling __________ situations effectively.
A. unexpected 
C. routine
B. regular 
D. training
37. Phyllis was on her way to work one morning when she was involved in an accident. Phyllis used her cellphone to call the police. In order to act responsibly, Phyllis should also immediately call
A. auto-body shops for insurance estimates. 
C. a rental agency to get a car.
B. a tow truck to pick up her car. 
D. work to let them know where she is.
38. Because Paul always tries to do what is right, his friends consider him to be a person who has
A. dignity. 
C. conflicts.
B. integrity. 
D. commitment.
39. Susan is a purchasing manager for a manufacturer. On Monday, Susan received a call from the plantmanager, who frantically told Susan that the production line ran out of 3/8" washers, which has forcedproduction to stop. Because Jason is the senior buyer in charge of ordering the washers, Susan set up ameeting with Jason to discuss the problem. During the meeting, Susan asked Jason to explain why thewashers were out of stock. Jason replied, "Well, I told the office assistant to check the inventory. It's notmy fault that we don't have the washers in stock." What is Jason doing?
A. Blaming another person for his mistake
B. Helping Susan to resolve the problem
C. Providing Susan with a valid reason for the stock-out
D. Denying that a problem exists
40. A characteristic of positive people that is important to businesses is that people with a positive attitudeare usually
A. well trained. 
C. inflexible.
B. generous. 
D. responsible.
41. Maureen becomes angry and defensive whenever her supervisor asks Maureen to correct mistakes.Maureen's attitude is not a good response to criticism because
A. it indicates that Maureen wants to call attention to herself.
B. there is no reason to be angry about criticism.
C. Maureen has no right to be angry on the job.
D. it prevents Maureen from hearing the criticism clearly.
42. When the department manager was asked to replace the cash register with a scanner, s/he said that s/hedid not want to learn how to use the scanner. This is an example of being __________ to change.
A. unable 
C. willing
B. receptive 
D. resistant
43. Which of the following is an issue that often causes controversy between employers and employees:
A. Job enlargement 
C. Social status
B. Wellness programs 
D. Workplace privacy
44. An American manufacturer launches a product line that offends many customers in Middle Easterncountries where the product line is considered inappropriate. This is an example of
A. nationalization. 
C. product adaptation.
B. cultural imperialism. 
D. globalization.
45. Eye contact is an example of what type of communication?
A. Nonverbal 
C. Verbal
B. Informal 
D. Formal
46. Passive behavior is often referred to as __________ behavior.
A. confrontational 
C. creative
B. defiant 
D. avoidance
47. Which of the following are characteristics of adaptable people:
A. Creativity and resistance 
C. Empathy and accuracy
B. Objectivity and attentiveness 
D. Fairness and fear
48. To influence others to work toward a shared vision, a leader should possess a high level of credibility andshould be able to provide supporting
A. assumptions. 
C. skills.
B. practices. 
D. facts.
49. Pat tells Tim, "You can always talk to me. I'm here to help." Which of the following coachingcharacteristics is Pat exhibiting:
A. Approachability 
C. Humility
B. Persistence 
D. Dependability
50. When there are frequent personality conflicts in a work group, the result is usually that it
A. interferes with the group's output. 
C. brings the work effort to a standstill.
B. adds to the group's effectiveness. 
D. makes the group more compatible.
51. To delay payment when buying business supplies from a web site, a purchaser is most likely to pay forthe goods with a(n) __________ card.
A. ATM 
C. credit
B. debit 
D. store-value
52. Chris is at the grocery store deciding between two very similar candy bars. One is $1.50, and the other is$3.00. He decides to buy the $1.50 candy bar because it is cheaper. Chris is using money as a____________ to make his decision.
A. store of value 
C. unit of measure
B. medium of exchange 
D. commodity
53. For an investment to yield positive results at the end of the investment period, the earnings should
A. grow by at least ten percent. 
C. be accrued on a debt security.
B. exceed the rate of inflation. 
D. be documented appropriately.
54. The chief advantage of offering retail credit is to
A. increase business hours. 
C. lower operating costs.
B. decrease record keeping. 
D. increase sales volume.
55. Molly and Tim have just had their first baby, Tommy. On top of their other financial considerations, suchas saving for their retirement, they will now have to start saving and investing for Tommy's
A. health insurance. 
C. life insurance.
B. retirement. 
D. college education.
56. On his way home from work, Jason stops at the gas station to buy a magazine and a pack of gum. Themagazine and gum are examples of _________ expenses.
A. non-essential 
C. fixed
B. essential 
D. variable
57. Calculate Jason's gross earnings for the pay period if his net pay is $796.84, his total tax obligation is$157.27, his medical insurance is $45.00, and his union dues are $15.00.
A. $894.11 
C. $984.11
B. $579.57 
D. $1,014.11
58. Melissa writes checks to pay for her rent, utilities, and groceries, and she keeps a record of all thesetransactions in her check register. Keeping an accurate check register helps Melissa
A. track the amount of money she has spent.
B. determine when she needs to add funds to her savings account.
C. understand the checking account's restrictions and fees.
D. decide when to order new checks.
59. Jeff is a college student who just opened his first credit card. Which of the following should he NOT do:
A. Buy more with his card than he can afford 
C. Think of his card as a loan
B. Pay his bill on time 
D. Track his spending habits
60. Eric wants to buy a new house, and to do so he needs good credit. He has made all his rent, car, andcredit card payments on time, so he should have a good credit score. Before he goes to purchase thehouse, he checks his credit report and finds that he has a low credit score because one of the agenciesmishandled his report. This example shows the importance of
A. validating credit history. 
C. paying rent on time.
B. buying a house. 
D. good credit.
61. Immediately contacting the credit-card company if credit cards are lost is one way to protect against
A. identity theft. 
C. financial risk.
B. excessive penalties. 
D. high interest rates.
62. In investing, legal owning- or lending-agreements between individuals, businesses, or governments areknown as
A. premiums. 
C. collateral.
B. securities. 
D. guarantees.
63. When a business purchases an insurance policy, it is agreeing to the terms of a
A. contract. 
C. premium.
B. charter. 
D. policyholder.
64. Two employees used a business's computerized accounting system to change some records. They wereable to steal $50,000 from the business because the accounting system lacked which of the following:
A. Protection from theft and fraud 
C. A manual system as backup
B. An affordable price 
D. Printed financial statements
65. A business should strive to keep its cash conversion cycle as short as possible so it
A. can increase its profit margin. 
C. has cash available to use.
B. can earn dividends. 
D. has fewer liquid assets.
66. One reason why human resources management is important to the success of a business is because thisprocess is responsible for
A. creating jobs for the company. 
C. staffing the business.
B. eliminating turnover. 
D. reducing compensation.
67. Identify the marketing function illustrated in the following situation: Martha wants a winter coat and sees astyle she likes in a magazine advertisement.
A. Promotion 
C. Pricing
B. Selling 
D. Purchasing
68. Which of the following is the most efficient tool for gathering external information that businesses need:
A. Internet 
C. Software
B. Library 
D. Textbooks
69. Using a computer-generated slideshow to highlight product information would be most appropriate inwhich of the following business situations:
A. Employee performance review 
C. Formal sales presentation
B. Project-team status meeting 
D. Union contract negotiations
70. Which of the following U.S. laws relates to information management:
A. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
C. The Landrum-Griffin Act
B. The Sherman Anti-Trust Act 
D. The Taft-Hartley Act
71. An automobile manufacturer is considering adding a sport utility vehicle to its product line. Whattechnology would allow the company to experiment with different styles, features, and sizes of the newproduct without investing large amounts of money or time?
A. Computer-aided design 
C. Data processing
B. Computer-assisted manufacturing 
D. Artificial intelligence
72. What do businesses often develop to be able to store and analyze data for the purpose of makingbusiness decisions?
A. Operating procedures 
C. Survey methods
B. Information systems 
D. Management policies
73. What is the importance of the computer hard drive in a computer system?
A. It transmits power to other computer devices.
B. It facilitates the computer's audio transmissions.
C. It allows the user to view the computer data.
D. It permanently stores the computer program files and data.
74. Which of the following is an Internet-access source that allows computer users to log onto the Internetwithout a physical connection:
A. Analog 
C. Wireless Fidelity
B. Broadband Cable 
D. Portal
75. If your supervisor asks you to find information on Coca-Cola's current market share for cola in the UnitedStates, the best and most precise wording to use when trying to narrow down the Internet search on mostsearch engines would be
A. Coca-Cola OR current market share OR cola AND United States.
B. Coca-Cola OR current market share OR cola OR United States.
C. Coca-Cola AND current market share AND cola AND United States.
D. Coca-Cola AND/OR market share.
76. While preparing the company's annual report in a computer word-processing program, Natasha deletedan entire paragraph by mistake. The best way for Natasha to correct the mistake is to
A. use the edit undo command. 
C. copy the text from another document.
B. retype the paragraph. 
D. create a template.
77. A hotel wants to purchase computer software that would store, manage, and retrieve customerinformation in order to better serve customer needs and increase sales. What type of software should thehotel buy?
A. Computer-aided design 
C. Word processing
B. Spreadsheet 
D. Database
78. The manager of a pet supply store is planning a sale. The manager set up a spreadsheet to calculate thesale price for each item to reflect a 30% discount off the retail price. The retail price for an aquarium is$228.00. What is the sale price for the aquarium?
A. $182.40 
C. $159.60
B. $148.20 
D. $193.80
79. Which of the following is needed to post a web page:
A. Legal permit 
C. Interested audience
B. Product to sell 
D. Web server
80. Operations activities vary depending on a business's
A. tax return. 
C. product.
B. name. 
D. address.
81. An employee notifying a government agency that the business is violating health and safety regulations isan example of
A. reporting noncompliance. 
C. unethical behavior.
B. spreading gossip. 
D. verbal communication.
82. Jamie has been feeling exhausted and has had several minor accidents at work because of it. Hissupervisor is calling him in for a conference. Which of the following safety risks will they discuss:
A. Horseplay 
C. Hazards
B. Fatigue 
D. Housekeeping
83. When an accident occurs at a place of business, employees should first try to
A. call an ambulance. 
C. take the victim's pulse.
B. move the injured person. 
D. find out how serious it is.
84. A cashier at Puritan Supermarket was approached by robbers who used force, violence, and fear to gainaccess to the cash inside the cash register. What type of common business security problem did thesupermarket experience?
A. Shoplifting 
C. Burglary
B. Robbery 
D. Embezzlement
85. Why have some major retail businesses decentralized their purchasing operations?
A. They maintain a wider variety of suppliers. 
C. Their stores are geographically distant.
B. Their buyers prefer to be independent. 
D. They obtain lower prices for smaller orders.
86. What do businesses need to maintain in order to produce goods and services for customers?
A. Schedule of accounts 
C. Inventory of supplies
B. List of vendors 
D. Copies of invoices
87. Production processes that rely heavily on expensive equipment and materials are __________processes.
A. capital-intensive 
C. standardized
B. labor-intensive 
D. intermittent
88. If you are in doubt about selecting an item of clothing for work, it is usually best to choose the one that is
A. a current fad. 
C. conservative.
B. highly advertised. 
D. most eye-catching.
89. Employees who have innovation skills are able to
A. behave aggressively. 
C. react to problems.
B. think in new ways. 
D. socialize effectively.
90. Setting boundaries is also known as
A. identifying alternatives. 
C. pinpointing objectives.
B. establishing criteria. 
D. making decisions.
91. Which of the following would be most likely to help you to determine whether you can be successful in aparticular line of work:
A. Talking to someone who is currently employed in this field
B. Asking your counselor about opportunities in the field
C. Contacting businesses that are part of the industry
D. Taking courses required of those who do this kind of work
92. When male employees earn more money than female employees for performing the same type of work, abusiness is violating the employees' rights to
A. occupational safety. 
C. union representation.
B. training and supervision. 
D. equal pay.
93. If individuals enjoy operating machinery, driving vehicles, or using tools, they might consider a career thatinvolves working with
A. people. 
C. things.
B. animals. 
D. information.
94. Home-based businesses are attractive to many people because the businesses generally
A. require less technical training. 
C. yield higher profit margins.
B. provide owners a steady income. 
D. have lower start-up costs.
95. Students searching for a job should check the listings posted in the school's
A. guidance office. 
C. auditorium.
B. computer lab. 
D. athletic department.
96. Which of the following would help a job applicant to fill out job application forms easily:
A. Knowing someone at the business 
C. Keeping a file of job leads
B. Having computer experience 
D. Having a personal data sheet
97. A job interview follow-up letter can be a valuable tool for applicants who are nervous during a jobinterview because the letter can
A. persuade the interviewer to hire them for the job.
B. include anything that the applicant forgot to mention.
C. demonstrate their skill in oral communication.
D. overcome the impression they made during the interview.
98. Writing a letter of application is often an important part of applying for jobs
A. by telephone. 
C. online.
B. in person. 
D. indirectly.
99. Which of the following is an example of a person obtaining unpaid work experience:
A. Kelly volunteers at a local radio station.
B. Jim hires Kevin to cut his lawn every week.
C. Sarah researches information about different careers.
D. Ben performs contract work for his friend's new company.
100. Each month, Bob, the president of Widgets International, establishes goals for the company. Based onthese goals, he sends specific directions to the managers of each operational division. Whatmanagement function is Bob performing?
A. Planning 
C. Staffing
B. Organizing 
D. Controlling
1. What type of debtor-creditor relationship involves the acquisition and use of credit cards?
A. Customary 
C. Voluntary
B. Unintentional 
D. Implied
2. A manufacturer advises its distributors that they must achieve an extremely high level of sales next yearto continue as channel members. This action is most likely to create
A. vertical conflict. 
C. complex distribution patterns.
B. channel enlargement. 
D. a comparative advantage.
3. When the salesperson did not return Mr. Adkins' calls about the status of his backordered stove, hecancelled his order. The salesperson lost the order because s/he
A. ordered the wrong stove.
B. failed to provide customer service.
C. couldn't get a hold of the vendor.
D. had incorrect customer contact information.
4. To build and repair bridges, Campbell Construction Company buys steel beams from HortonManufacturing. In this situation, Campbell Construction Company is the
A. indirect agent. 
C. producer.
B. wholesaler. 
D. industrial user.
5. Tying agreements are illegal under which of the following conditions:
A. When they limit liability 
C. When they regulate promotion
B. When they prohibit monopolies 
D. When they reduce competition
6. What information should a business provide its suppliers to ensure that products will be available to meetdemand?
A. Cash-flow analysis 
C. Sales forecast
B. Annual report 
D. Media schedule
7. Which of the following is a common reason for horizontal conflict among distribution channel members:
A. Transportation issues 
C. Direct distribution
B. Territorial boundaries 
D. Shipping errors
8. Which of the following is an example of a company procedure:
A. To order supplies, employees must complete the R-3 form and then give it to their immediatesupervisor.
B. Employees are permitted to wear open-toed shoes to work, but they may not wear flip-flops.
C. After five years of service, staff members receive four weeks of paid vacation.
D. Triton Manufacturing pays employees the standard gas mileage reimbursement rate of $.55 permile.
9. Which of the following gestures would indicate a speaker's nervousness during an oral presentation:
A. Standing up straight 
C. Speaking very quickly
B. Maintaining eye contact 
D. Fidgeting with accessories
10. Which of the following is an example of organizing business information by location:
A. Corinne prepares a real-estate guide that lists homes for sale in ascending order by selling price.
B. Ben's history assignment is to create a timeline to illustrate his family's immigration from Ireland.
C. Elizabeth structures a national insurance company's financial reports by branch.
D. Jacob structures a research report by providing the most important information in the first sectionof the document.
11. Using the APA writing style, Ella compiles a list of the books, web sites, and journals that she used whendeveloping a complex research report. What is Ella developing?
A. The executive summary 
C. The bibliography
B. An index 
D. A glossary
12. When the meeting leader asked the group participants if they had any suggestions for the new productcatalog, Lily pulled out a list of notes that she had compiled and talked for the remaining 20 minutes of anhour-long meeting. In this situation, Lily
A. followed parliamentary procedure. 
C. monopolized the discussion.
B. provided positive feedback. 
D. expressed her opinions clearly.
13. Mr. Martin said, "I want to return this software and get my money back. Before I bought it, yoursalesperson told me that it was compatible with my computer, but it isn't." What is the reason for Mr.Martin's complaint?
A. The product was labeled incorrectly.
B. The product was defective.
C. The salesperson used high-pressure sales tactics.
D. The salesperson provided inaccurate information.
14. The Upper Crust Bread Shop bakes its bread on site so that customers can smell the bread when theyenter the shop, and it sets baskets of bread samples throughout the shop. The shop uses these touchpoints to carry out its
A. operations-management processes.
B. product-development tactics.
C. customer-experience management strategies.
D. brand-insistence advertising techniques.
15. Molly works in operations. Her job is to make sure that the business has all the supplies it needs to keepproduction going smoothly. Molly works in the area of
A. human-resources management. 
C. marketing.
B. financial analysis. 
D. purchasing.
16. Milford Glassworks encourages all of its employees to provide input for system improvements andsuggestions for product ideas. What strategy is Milford using to adapt to changes in the marketplace?
A. Innovation management 
C. Reactive control
B. Competitive aggression 
D. Cultural intelligence
17. Which of the following is an oligopoly:
A. Oil industry 
C. Food-service industry
B. Apparel industry 
D. Computer industry
18. Last year, Ryan earned a salary of $32,500, and paid 15% in federal income taxes. This year, Ryan received a promotion, and his salary is now $36,750. Due to his salary increase, Ryan must pay 25% infederal income taxes. This is an example of a __________ tax.
A. regressive 
C. proportional
B. progressive 
D. corporate
19. What happens when inflation increases?
A. Consumers can buy more for less. 
C. Purchasing power decreases.
B. Supply exceeds demand. 
D. Production efficiency increases.
20. Joe realized that if he had taken more time to proofread his work carefully and correct his grammatical mistakes, he would have received a better grade on his report. In this situation, Joe is
A. assessing a weakness to improve performance.
B. identifying a way to enhance his creativity.
C. making a false generalization about himself.
D. comparing his talents with those of his classmates.
21. The supervisor said, "Amber, I know that this is a busy time for you right now, but I really need for you togive me the weekly expense report on Tuesday morning. Because you submitted last week's report onWednesday, reimbursement checks were delayed, and several employees did not receive payment whenthey expected it." The supervisor is providing Amber with
A. constructive criticism. 
C. internal feedback.
B. an unsolicited opinion. 
D. a defensive response.
22. Which of the following is a true statement about secondary dimensions of diversity:
A. They are mental aptitudes.
B. They are physical traits.
C. They are determined by a person's subculture.
D. They can change over time.
23. You are more likely to persuade others to take action if you
A. overstate the benefits. 
C. provide supporting facts.
B. use illogical reasoning. 
D. conceal your credibility.
24. What is the benefit of shared vision to an organization?
A. It ensures that the team's goals are achievable.
B. It serves as a guide for decision making.
C. It creates an ethnocentric environment.
D. It supports a groupthink attitude.
25. Which of the following situations involves the use of negative tactics to build political relationships withinthe organization:
A. Jason accepts credit for Tori's advertising campaign idea during a meeting with management.
B. Lydia wants to increase her internal contacts and network, so she volunteers to help with aproject.
C. Patrick compliments his manager on her/his chip shot out of a sand trap during a corporate golfouting.
D. Miranda makes sure that she dresses professionally during important business meetings.
26. Because Elise paid her monthly credit-card bill on April 16 instead of April 4, the credit-card issuer addeda $25 charge to her May billing statement. This is an example of a(n) ___________ fee.
A. cash-advance 
C. balance-transfer
B. annual 
D. late
27. What is a benefit of investing in mutual funds?
A. Investors' fees are waived because it is an ownership investment.
B. Investors are guaranteed a minimal amount of return.
C. Investors earn interest because it is a lending investment.
D. Investors have access to a fund manager's expertise.
28. When identifying risks that a business faces, management should focus on the
A. probability of risk occurrence. 
C. sources of the risks.
B. impact of the risks. 
D. ability to transfer the risks.
29. When Samantha reviewed her company's financial information, she noticed that the sales for the Java6coffee maker decreased for three consecutive months. In this situation, the financial information helpedSamantha
A. make a pricing decision. 
C. identify a trend.
B. calculate liquidity ratios. 
D. negotiate a contract.
30. Which of the following are listed as long-term assets on a balance sheet:
A. Land, cash, and mortgage
B. Buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment
C. Vehicles, insurance, and accounts payable
D. Capital equipment, mortgage, and inventory
31. The primary reason for analyzing budget variances is to
A. determine where the business is on target and where it is not.
B. ensure that the business generates a sizable profit.
C. understand the generally accepted accounting principles.
D. make adjustments to the business's operating procedures.
32. As a member of the company's employee selection committee, Logan is urging the other committeemembers to choose his best friend Markus for an executive-management position. What ethical issuedoes this situation illustrate?
A. Cultural bias 
C. Lack of transparency
B. Conflict of interest 
D. Bribery
33. During a board of directors meeting, the company's CEO said, "Based on last year's sales data andchanges in economic conditions, I believe that sales will increase next year." In this situation, the CEOhas provided the board members with a(n)
A. fact. 
C. estimate.
B. prediction. 
D. recommendation.
34. What activity involves transforming facts and figures into a useful format?
A. Information reporting 
C. Data processing
B. Data mining 
D. Information gathering
35. Which of the following is an example of ethical behavior in marketing-information management:
A. Using complex processes for customers to opt-out of e-mail correspondence
B. Changing survey feedback to reflect a positive research outcome
C. Distributing the telephone numbers of customers without their permission
D. Implementing procedures to protect the privacy of survey respondents
36. The primary reason that the government regulates the ways in which healthcare organizations handlemedical records is to
A. improve employees' performance. 
C. keep tax information confidential.
B. prevent personal-injury lawsuits. 
D. protect the patients' privacy rights.
37. A business's expense reports and cash-register receipts are sources of __________ research data.
A. internal, quantitative 
C. elementary, qualitative
B. external, quantitative 
D. organic, qualitative
38. "How can we alter our existing product so it will appeal to another market?" is an example of a
A. strategy-oriented decision problem. 
C. market-research analysis.
B. discovery-oriented decision problem. 
D. market-situation analysis.
39. Which of the following is an example of causal research:
A. A pet-supply company reviews invoices and receipts to determine which line of dog food isgenerating the most sales.
B. A large publisher holds a series of focus groups with teachers to gather opinions about themathematics textbooks.
C. A hotel chain places suggestion cards in its sleeping rooms to solicit feedback about its guests'level of satisfaction with its services.
D. A quick-serve restaurant introduces a breakfast burrito to a limited segment of the market todetermine product acceptability.
40. When using the systematic random sampling method, marketers must determine the
A. skip interval. 
C. cluster.
B. stratum. 
D. quota gap.
41. While filling out a customer-satisfaction survey, Ashley is asked to rank her level of agreement with thestatement, "The sales representative was friendly and courteous." Out of the five options presented,Ashley's response is "strongly agree." This is an example of a _________ rating scale.
A. Likert 
C. Paired comparison
B. Semantic differential 
D. Retention
42. To understand consumers' buying habits over time, marketing researchers might ask a sample of thepopulation to
A. develop a media blog. 
C. keep track of their ideas.
B. maintain a product diary. 
D. prepare an opinion statement.
43. An interviewer should carefully monitor his/her tone of voice, facial expressions, and gestures whencollecting marketing data from respondents to
A. avoid appearing biased. 
C. discourage inappropriate responses.
B. limit the length of the interview. 
D. dominate the conversation.
44. What activity is a marketing researcher performing when s/he counts the responses to a survey?
A. Assigning values
B. Tabulating data
C. Interpreting primary research
D. Developing a sample plan
45. A marketing survey revealed that four out of seven residents in the greater metro area prefer Lupi's Pizzato Morelli's Pizza and Renaldo's Pizza. What measure of central tendency does this example represent?
A. Mode 
C. Range
B. Mean 
D. Scope
46. Which of the following is an example of a response error:
A. Jack pauses for a moment before he answers the interviewer's question.
B. Jack does not provide his telephone number when he fills out an online survey.
C. Lydia provides her opinion about a new soft drink during a focus group.
D. Rosanna checks two response options for one question on a paper questionnaire.
47. The following appeared on a recent survey:"Do you agree that the government wastes taxpayers' money by supporting unnecessary programs?"This is an example of a(n)
A. indifferent statement. 
C. open-ended inquiry.
B. leading question. 
D. unstated alternative.
48. In the past month, Anna has purchased Lay's mesquite-barbeque chips, Shearer's kettle-cooked potatochips, and Utz's wavy potato chips. What type of buying behavior is Anna exhibiting?
A. Price-oriented 
C. Quality-based
B. Brand-preference 
D. Variety-seeking
49. What element of the marketing mix is most concerned about creating convenience for customers inrelation to the product's accessibility to the market?
A. Price 
C. Place
B. Product 
D. Promotion
50. When a local athletic apparel store sells shoes, clothing, and accessories that are designed specificallyfor runners, it is using ____________ segmentation.
A. geographic 
C. demographic
B. psychographic 
D. rate of usage
51. Which of the following statements is true about a marketing plan:
A. It is more beneficial for large companies to have a marketing plan than it is for small businesses.
B. An important component of the marketing plan is the business plan.
C. A good marketing plan contains the business's specific marketing goals and strategies.
D. The marketing plan has a narrow audience, so it takes a business minimal time to prepare it.
52. If a situation analysis reveals that the company has a comprehensive, current, and flexible databasesystem, it has identified a(n)
A. internal strength. 
C. product benefit.
B. external asset. 
D. technological flaw.
53. Nelson needs to find out the exact model number of a printer to order the correct ink cartridge for acustomer. To obtain accurate information quickly, Nelson should access
A. his company's contact directory. 
C. his company's intranet.
B. the manufacturer's accounting department. 
D. the manufacturer's production manager.
54. Mason Publishing included the following statement in a newsletter that was sent to its sales staff about itsnew electronic reader:CEO Lucinda Marcelli said, "This product supports our ongoing efforts to revolutionize the ways in whichstudents across the country learn."This is an example of
A. paraphrasing a comment to explain specific product benefits.
B. including a quotation to introduce an item during a sales meeting.
C. using a quotation to communicate product information.
D. summarizing the features of a new item by using a testimonial.
55. Which of the following is an example of unethical business behavior in relation to informationmanagement:
A. Sharing customers' personal information to others with their permission
B. Telling employees that the business may monitor their telephone calls at work
C. Keeping employees' payroll records in unsecured computer databases
D. Using opt-in e-mail to communicate product information with customers
56. A primary disadvantage of keeping business records in digital formats is that
A. records become inaccessible due to obsolete technology.
B. businesses cannot update data quickly.
C. businesses are unable to file documents on computers.
D. documents must be kept for a minimum of three years.
57. Under what circumstances should a business obtain copyright protection for its intellectual property?
A. If it develops a unique manufacturing process
B. When it produces an original artistic work
C. If it owns a distinctive mark or emblem
D. When it maintains a comprehensive customer list
58. Businesses rely on projects because the business environment is
A. free from competition. 
C. dynamic.
B. inflexible. 
D. hard to understand.
59. When developing a request for quotation (RFQ) for prospective vendors, a business should alwaysinclude
A. statistics and a checklist. 
C. guidelines and discounts.
B. prices and a purchase order. 
D. specifications and deadlines.
60. Which of the following is an example of a good or service that is produced through a capital-intensiveconversion process:
A. Hair cut 
C. Sport utility vehicle
B. Handmade quilt 
D. Computer repair
61. To maintain a quality work culture throughout all levels of an organization, it is important for businessesto
A. train employees thoroughly. 
C. emphasize short-term gains.
B. solve problems with minimal input. 
D. focus primarily on financial issues.
62. What can an employee do on a regular basis to maintain an organized workspace?
A. Place all paperwork in storage boxes 
C. Discard outdated files and papers
B. Make copies of all computer documents 
D. Shred documents that are over one year old
63. Which of the following is an example of job shadowing:
A. Tom asks an advertising manager about various professional organizations in marketing.
B. Kayla follows the public-relations director of a local company to learn about his/her career.
C. Delia talks with an event coordinator about the ways in which she can donate her time to a localcharity.
D. Brian sets up a time to meet with a sales representative to find out about her/his job duties.
64. During a job interview, it is important to monitor nonverbal cues including your
A. handshake and vocal intensity. 
C. diction and arm gestures.
B. posture and eye contact. 
D. clothing and pitch.
65. Which of the following situations is most likely to cause the price of corn-based products to increase:
A. Corn producers reduce marketing activities.
B. The demand for corn-based products declines.
C. A long drought damages the corn crops.
D. The rate of inflation stabilizes.
66. Which of the following is an example of price fixing:
A. A grocery store dramatically increases the prices of bottled water during a natural disaster.
B. Three computer-chip manufacturers agree to sell their products within a certain price range.
C. A building-materials company sets a high price for a new product and lowers it over time.
D. Two restaurants offer the percentage-off coupons for their large pizzas for a limited time.
67. During what phase of the product life cycle is a business most likely to reduce its prices because copycatproducts have entered the marketplace?
A. Growth 
C. Trough
B. Maturity 
D. Peak
68. During which stage of the product life cycle is the product failure rate the highest?
A. Introduction 
C. Maturity
B. Growth 
D. Decline
69. Which of the following is an ethical issue that affects many businesses' product/service-managementfunction:
A. Using bait-and-switch tactics 
C. Testing on animals
B. Engaging in collusion 
D. Setting unrealistic sales goals
70. Hannah studied international business in college and has worked for various international corporations.Over the years, she met many businesspeople who did not understand how cultural differences affecttheir business relationships. Hannah decided to start her own consulting firm to advise businesspeopleabout the cultural issues that they may encounter when doing business overseas. Hannah identified aproduct opportunity on the basis of
A. accidental discovery. 
C. a technological issue.
B. a popular hobby. 
D. personal expertise.
71. Which of the following is an idea-generation technique that uses programmed thinking:
A. Forced questioning 
C. Attribute listing
B. Mind mapping 
D. Synectics
72. Car break-ins often result because drivers leave their laptops, smartphones, and wallets on the car seat,making the items highly visible to potential thieves. As a result, an automobile manufacturer designed ahidden compartment in the front passenger seat for drivers to store their valuable items. This is anexample of an idea generation strategy in which the business
A. developed a new product to replace an outdated product.
B. changed an existing product to attract a younger market.
C. improved an existing product to solve a common problem.
D. created a new product to gain the competitive advantage.
73. Fairlawn Manufacturing will replace or repair the motor of its Cut-rite riding lawnmower for one year afterthe purchase date. This is an example of a(n)
A. limited warranty. 
C. unconditional guarantee.
B. full warranty. 
D. service guarantee.
74. To prevent people with severe peanut allergies from accidentally consuming food items prepared inpeanut oil, many governments require food manufacturers to
A. seal the packaging to prevent product tampering.
B. label the packaging with a hazardous product symbol.
C. provide nutritional information on the packaging.
D. list all ingredients on the products' packaging.
75. An electronics business decided to remove the X2L digital camera from its product mix because it wastaking away sales from its FZG1 premier digital camera. This is an example of
A. product alteration. 
C. inventory substitution.
B. product cannibalization. 
D. inventory shrinkage.
76. A benefit to the seller of bundling products is that doing so
A. reduces product-quality problems.
B. eliminates the need to comparison shop.
C. often lowers the marketing costs.
D. usually decreases product-placement activities.
77. Which of the following is an example of a business that uses product class as a positioning strategy:
A. Focusing on the value of a line of cosmetics
B. Emphasizing a 100,000-mile car warranty
C. Associating an artificial sweetener with sugar
D. Communicating a resort's luxury services
78. Although Sara's favorite soft drink is Diet Coke, she will order Diet Pepsi if a restaurant does not serveDiet Coke. This is an example of brand
A. preference. 
C. adoption.
B. insistence. 
D. perception.
79. Which of the following are types of corporate brands:
A. Disney, Apple, and Nike
B. Procter and Gamble, Mountain Dew, and Disney
C. Harley-Davidson, Apple, and Tide
D. Nike, Harley-Davidson, and Tide
80. Determine the type of and purpose for promotion used in the following example:Procter and Gamble donates thousands of bottles of its Dawn dishwashing soap to wildlife conservationprograms to clean animals that are affected by oil spills and other ecological hazards.
A. Product; To reinforce the company's commitment to producing high-quality items
B. Institutional; To show the company’s support of learning and educational initiatives
C. Product; To create a positive image of the company's employees
D. Institutional; To indicate the company's interest in environmental issues
81. What elements of the promotional mix are ideal to use when promoting products to large, personalconsumer markets?
A. Sales promotion and advertising 
C. Advertising and personal selling
B. Personal selling and publicity 
D. Personal selling and sales promotion
82. A soft-drink company posts a film clip on YouTube and Facebook that features its employees drinking thecompany's best-selling beverage while they are performing a flash-mob routine. What is the companyusing to promote its products?
A. Advergaming 
C. Viral video
B. Streaming audio 
D. Custom messaging
83. When a government regulatory agency accuses a company of running a deceptive advertisement, thecompany voluntarily agrees to stop running the ad without admitting guilt. In this situation, the remedyused is
A. a cease-and-desist order. 
C. corrective advertising.
B. a consent order. 
D. affirmative disclosure.
84. Which of the following is most likely to contain indoor billboards:
A. Buses, parking lots, and enclosed malls
B. Highways, road intersections, and subway terminals
C. Subway terminals, airport terminals, and enclosed malls
D. Parking garages, highways, and buses
85. What is the primary goal of viral marketing?
A. Staging 
C. Managing
B. Sharing 
D. Manipulating
86. A retailer sends a sales announcement and coupon with the monthly summary of accounts that it sendsto its customers. What form of direct mail is the retailer using?
A. Classified ads 
C. Self-mailers
B. Media circulars 
D. Statement stuffers
87. The Skintastic Cosmetic Company implemented a challenging sales promotion in which its independentsales consultants could earn bonuses, prizes, and vacations. This is an example of a company using___________ as a sales incentive.
A. cooperative advertising 
C. push money
B. sweepstakes 
D. loyalty programs
88. What component of a print advertisement contains the sales message?
A. Illustration 
C. Tag line
B. Copy 
D. Headline
89. A snack-food company donates energy bars to runners who are participating in a race to raise money forcancer research. The business is engaging in a(n)
A. advertising campaign to improve investor relations.
B. media blitz to exhibit social responsibility.
C. selling activity to support its image.
D. public-relations activity for a charitable cause.
90. An important aspect of maintaining positive public relations is communicating with external audiencessuch as
A. stockholders, employees, and government agencies.
B. local businesses, charitable organizations, and customers.
C. charitable organizations, executive managers, and local businesses.
D. customers, employees, and the board of directors.
91. Which of the following is a budgeting issue that a business considers when deciding whether toparticipate in a trade show:
A. Venue's personal appeal 
C. Booth rental space
B. Target audience size 
D. Competitors' attendance
92. What component of the promotional plan describes the specific tools that the business will use topromote its goods and services?
A. Evaluation 
C. Budget
B. Objectives 
D. Tactics
93. A business can help its salespeople build a clientele by
A. showing interest in the customers' needs.
B. following up with customers immediately after a sale.
C. having favorable adjustment and return policies.
D. setting high performance goals.
94. The details regarding quotas for each salesperson would be outlined in what type of selling policy?
A. Service 
C. Selling-activity
B. Terms-of-sale 
D. Qualifying the customer
95. Which of the following is a form of technology that allows a salesperson to make a professional salespresentation to group members who are located in different locations:
A. Data-mining software 
C. Webinar
B. Global positioning system 
D. Autoresponder
96. Determine if the following situation is an illegal selling practice:A salesperson says to a customer, "My business will buy all of its janitorial supplies from your company ifyou buy all of your office furniture from my business."
A. Yes. The salesperson is suggesting reciprocity, which is illegal if it hinders competition.
B. Yes. The salesperson is engaging in price discrimination, which is illegal in many jurisdictions.
C. No. The salesperson is proposing a limited partnership, which is a common and legal practice.
D. No. The salesperson is using tie-in sales tactics to facilitate a long-term sales relationship.
97. The best way for salespeople to obtain detailed information about a complex product is by
A. asking a customer who uses the product. 
C. attending a training session.
B. reading a product brochure. 
D. conducting a product demonstration.
98. The salesperson says, "Mrs. Jones, the Model 2XY upright vacuum cleaner has attachments that allowyou to remove dust from furniture, draperies, and ceiling fans. It also has a steamer that deep cleanscarpets." This is an example of a salesperson describing the product's
A. unique style. 
C. durability.
B. multiple uses. 
D. construction.
99. When a business's salespeople take time to discover their customers' needs, the business is likely tobenefit because
A. customers tend to return fewer products.
B. product reviews become unnecessary.
C. salespeople usually earn higher commissions.
D. customers are likely to qualify sales leads.
100. Shortly after a burglar broke into their house, Mr. and Mrs. Green purchased a home security system. Inthis situation, Mr. and Mrs. Green's buying motive was based on __________ factors.
A. esteem 
C. emotional
B. patronage 
D. rational
1. Businesses usually are unable to enter into legally binding contracts with
A. tourists. 
C. foreigners.
B. senior citizens. 
D. minors.
2. Under the Clean Water Act, the Environmental Protection Agency has the authority to
A. monitor water levels in rivers and streams.
B. set water quality standards for industry.
C. decide where you must get your water supply.
D. determine how much water you can use for your industry.
3. Which of the following pieces of legislation allows for the consolidation of commercial andinvestment banks, insurance companies, and securities firms:
A. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
C. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
B. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
D. Glass-Stegall Act
4. Which of the following is a tax-deductible gift:
A. Charitable donation 
C. Stocks
B. Vacation home 
D. Inherited items
5. What can a financial-services business do to ensure that it is following governmentregulations?
A. Monitor service procedures 
C. Develop a business plan
B. Improve technical systems 
D. Conduct a compliance audit
6. How can a business maintain its ethical responsibility of protecting the privacy of its customers'financial information?
A. Review inventory systems 
C. Monitor competitors' activities
B. Develop collection procedures 
D. Implement security policies
7. When a manager tells an employee to take charge of a project, the employee is receiving
A. social directions. 
C. nonverbal directions.
B. oral directions. 
D. written directions.
8. Which of the following is a rule of good listening:
A. Eliminate background noise. 
C. Be thinking about what you will say next.
B. Listen with empathy. 
D. Stand as close as possible to the speaker.
9. When giving a verbal presentation, a speaker who distinctly voices the sounds of words isusing proper
A. pronunciation. 
C. tone.
B. enunciation. 
D. vocabulary.
10. Which of the following actions is it important for a speaker to take when s/he makes an oralbusiness presentation to a large group:
A. Speak loudly enough for the audience to hear the message
B. Turn away from the audience when presenting visual aids
C. Avoid eye contact with anyone in the audience
D. Relax the audience by swaying back and forth when speaking
11. The main form of written communication within a business is
A. memorandums. 
C. staff meetings.
B. business letters. 
D. telephone calls.Copyright © 2010 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
12. Which of the following types of messages presents evaluative information:
A. Analytic 
C. Simple
B. Explanatory 
D. Complex
13. A simple, or short, report differs from a complex report in that the simple report is
A. not in memo form. 
C. less formal.
B. more comprehensive. 
D. not used in decision making.
14. Information that is informally passed to the staff of a business is referred to as __________communication.
A. grapevine 
C. formal
B. vertical 
D. horizontal
15. "The customer is ALWAYS right," is a philosophy many businesses try to follow in order to
A. make employees' jobs easier. 
C. create positive customer/client relations.
B. prevent any conflict with customers/clients. 
D. help employees handle selling objections.
16. Stock brokers sometimes have difficulty meeting the needs of customers who are
A. decisive. 
C. silent.
B. agreeable. 
D. patient.
17. A good way for bank tellers to prevent customer complaints is by
A. pressuring customers to open additional accounts.
B. discussing all of the bank’s products.
C. determining each customer’s needs.
D. asking customers personal questions about their ethnicity.
18. What do finance professionals need to do to build long-term relationships with their clients?
A. Be honest, open, and trustworthy 
C. Follow-up with clients every two years
B. Invest all clients' money conservatively 
D. Require clients to sign a short-term contract
19. Businesses use data-cleansing applications to
A. generate necessary reports. 
C. duplicate internal records.
B. calculate statistical data. 
D. update their databases.
20. For her best friend's birthday, Keisha is shopping for a unique item—no substitute will do, andprice is no object. What type of item is Keisha shopping for?
A. Convenience 
C. Shopping
B. Specialty 
D. Industrial
21. Ronnie's Retail Mart recently began a layaway program for large-ticket items. By introducingthis lay-away program, Ronnie's hopes to increase __________ utility.
A. possession 
C. time
B. place 
D. form
22. If customers feel that a product's price is too high, they will probably
A. buy less of the product. 
C. make a formal complaint.
B. call the Better Business Bureau. 
D. try to negotiate the price.
23. With Rosita's pizza shop, financial analysis is used to
A. obtain funding for supplies. 
C. oversee the baking process.
B. attract customers. 
D. develop the best recipe.
24. Which of the following is not an external factor affecting profit:
A. Chance 
C. Economy
B. Risk 
D. Demand
25. Potential losses that businesses face are called
A. liabilities. 
C. insurable risks.
B. business risks. 
D. uninsurable risks.
26. The practice of allowing workers to assume some higher level decision making is called job
A. analysis. 
C. enlargement.
B. containment. 
D. enrichment.
27. Why does the Gross Domestic Product include only finished goods?
A. To account for public goods 
C. To omit welfare payments
B. To avoid double counting 
D. To correct for inflation
28. Brent likes to use his emotional intelligence to describe his feelings in accurate terms. Whatbenefit of emotional intelligence is he experiencing?
A. Communicating needs effectively 
C. Understanding other people's needs
B. Responding to criticism 
D. Responding to difficult people
29. Lack of initiative cannot be tolerated for long in most occupations. Which of the following is nota result of employee initiative:
A. An employee who receives an "Employee of the Month" award
B. An employee's receiving high job evaluation ratings
C. An employee given added responsibility
D. An employee's completing an inventory assignment on time
30. How employees behave and how they treat other people at work often have an effect onwhether they
A. receive fair wages. 
C. earn vacation time.
B. receive benefits. 
D. get promoted.
31. Which of the following statements about change in the workplace is true:
A. An employee often can change the behavior of coworkers.
B. Being receptive to change helps employees to be successful.
C. Employees accept change better if it is unexpected.
D. Employees usually can refuse to make changes they don't like.
32. Which of the following is a way to demonstrate empathy:
A. Develop a good imagination. 
C. Keep an open mind.
B. Use tact when speaking. 
D. Sympathize with a coworker.
33. Smiling at customers and looking them in the eye is what type of communication?
A. Negative 
C. Nonverbal
B. Verbal 
D. Effective
34. Frederick has been criticized by his supervisor and knows the criticism is justified, but he stillfeels defensive. This physiological response to stress is the __________ response.
A. eustress 
C. fight or flight
B. over-reaction 
D. stimulus
35. How does a goal differ from a vision?
A. There is no difference—the two are the same.
B. A goal could mean different things to different people.
C. A goal is abstract and indefinite.
D. A goal is concrete and measurable.
36. Why is accepting responsibility for your own actions important to effective human relationsskills?
A. It helps you to be objective. 
C. It helps you to be enthusiastic.
B. People will be able to depend on you. 
D. People will not take advantage of you.
37. Whenever a business extends credit to customers, it allows them to obtain goods and servicesimmediately with
A. payment to be made at a future date. 
C. no interest charges for 90 days.
B. no identification required. 
D. payment spread over a 12-month period.
38. What do many individuals establish when planning for future financial needs?
A. Checking account 
C. Line of credit
B. Living will 
D. College fund
39. What is the key to successful investing?
A. Avoiding opportunity costs 
C. Getting started early
B. Inflation 
D. The rule of 72
40. Commercial banks and brokerage firms are examples of
A. insurance institutions. 
C. financial intermediaries.
B. legislative groups. 
D. nonprofit organizations.
41. Cocoa beans and corn are examples of investments that people make in which of the followingfinancial markets:
A. Selective property 
C. Soft commodities
B. Insurance 
D. Money
42. Supervised by the Federal Reserve Board, The DAB Company provides investment advisoryservices, insurance underwriting, securities underwriting, and merchant banking services. The DABCompany is an example of a(n)
A. financial auditing institution. 
C. financial holding company.
B. accounting firm. 
D. commodities investor.
43. Which of the following is an example of arbitrage:
A. An individual earns interest on his/her money by agreeing to leave it in a financial institution for acertain timeframe.
B. An individual buys 10 shares of stock for $150 per share on one market, and immediately sellseach share for $200 on another market.
C. A business places a percentage of its income into a retirement account for employees.
D. A business sells corporate bonds to obtain funds to finance major expansion efforts.
44. Which of the following is characteristic of an emerging market:
A. Low gross domestic product due to high foreign investment
B. Strong and highly developed infrastructure
C. High-yield bond markets that operate in a secure economic climate
D. Unstable stock markets in a transitional economy
45. Form 10-K is most like
A. the bottom line. 
C. the annual report.
B. Form 10-Q. 
D. the cash flow statement.
46. What might a dividend payout tell you about a company?
A. It's reinvesting its profits back into the business.
B. It's trying to rid itself of cash.
C. It's a well-established company.
D. It's paying back a loan.
47. It's a good idea for an investor to watch the numbers on a stock table
A. once a year. 
C. over a period of time.
B. just for a given day. 
D. when dividends are paid.
48. What kind of insurance will help to pay your hospital bill if you are seriously ill?
A. Homeowner's 
C. Liability
B. Disability 
D. Health
49. The impact of some business risks can be reduced if the business transfers the risk to anotherbusiness by
A. purchasing insurance. 
C. employing security guards.
B. hiring a risk specialist. 
D. installing burglar alarms.
50. A business has an inventory valued at $750,000. This amount would appear in the business'sbalance sheet under
A. current assets. 
C. cash.
B. liabilities. 
D. income.
51. To stay in business, a firm that has periods of cash shortages and cash surpluses should planto __________ its cash flow.
A. spend 
C. invest
B. monitor 
D. control
52. Which of the following is an example of an expense that a business would include in theoperating-expenses category of an income statement:
A. Customer returns 
C. Insurance payments
B. Cost of raw materials 
D. Shipping charges
53. Money owed to the business is known as
A. assets. 
C. accounts receivable.
B. equity. 
D. accounts payable.
54. When Alana prepares a report so that all of the financial data is clearly disclosed, she isensuring that the information is
A. comparable. 
C. timely.
B. transparent. 
D. flexible.
55. Which of the following is a consequence of poor financial-information management:
A. Simplified processes 
C. Ineffective leadership
B. Inaccurate data 
D. Understandable feedback
56. The reason that businesses use virtual auditor technology to scan their financial records is to
A. detect correlations among customer data. 
C. calculate debt-equity ratios.
B. ensure that they are complying with laws. 
D. analyze their financial statements.
57. By installing firewalls on its computer networks, a business can protect its online customers'credit-card information from
A. trade barriers. 
C. investment scams.
B. tax evasion. 
D. identity theft.
58. Which of the following is a technological tool that businesses use to archive their financialrecords:
A. Direct-response software 
C. Electronic data interchange
B. Digital microfilm scanner 
D. Web-development programs
59. Businesses often use the patterns and relationships detected during the data mining process to
A. select intermediaries. 
C. predict trends.
B. identify procedures. 
D. negotiate contracts.
60. Alex is using a computer software program to develop the operating budget for his smallcompany. He has two part-time employees who work 12 hours per week. How should Alex categorize thecompany's payroll in his budget?
A. Sales 
C. Expense
B. Income 
D. Charges
61. If Jennifer wants to determine the degree to which the business uses its debt to finance itsassets, she should use a financial analysis application that indicates the business's
A. depreciation rates. 
C. cash budget.
B. leverage ratio. 
D. transaction costs.
62. In which of the following situations would a firm use cost-analysis applications:
A. To predict sales volume for a certain period of time
B. To determine the number of delinquent accounts
C. To assess income changes over a certain period of time
D. To evaluate the amount of money associated with inventory storage
63. What function allows users to customize and automate tasks when developing a database?
A. Split 
C. Break
B. Macro 
D. Consolidate
64. Large corporations that sell stock to the public are required by the Securities and ExchangeCommission to provide __________ to their stockholders.
A. regular dividends 
C. copies of expense reports
B. accurate financial statements 
D. organizational charts
65. A business needs to accurately report its financial position because that information indicatesthe business's
A. net worth. 
C. price policy.
B. sales forecast. 
D. target market.
66. A business that is experiencing a cash-flow deficit should take steps to
A. reduce income. 
C. increase costs.
B. lower expenses. 
D. spend revenues.
67. A business uses the financial accounting system to report the business's financial position to
A. regional managers. 
C. external users.
B. bookkeepers. 
D. internal users.
68. What is a potential benefit to a business that uses financial information to identify trends?
A. Ensured profitability 
C. Improved forecasting
B. Enhanced liability 
D. Increased premiums
69. Which of the following are factors that affect a business's decision to offer credit to a customer:
A. Debt ratio, credit rating, and education 
C. Credit rating, objectives, and income
B. Income, debt ratio, and credit rating 
D. Debt ratio, education, and objectives
70. While Karl reviews financial reports, he compares and contrasts similar data from differentquarters and years. The primary reason that Karl is reviewing the reports is to
A. reduce costs. 
C. analyze variances.
B. make improvements. 
D. change processes.
71. An important function of human resources management in business is
A. equipment acquisition. 
C. domain development.
B. technical investment. 
D. employee recruitment.
72. Which of the following is not a touch point businesses could utilize to reinforce companyimage:
A. Interaction with a salesperson 
C. Television advertisement
B. Employee holiday party 
D. Bill or invoice
73. You have been asked to quickly locate information comparing the number of home foreclosures in Arkansas in 2000 with those in 2010. Which of the following searches should yield the fastest, mostrelevant search results:
A. "home foreclosures"; Arkansas; years: 2000 OR 2010
B. "home foreclosures in Arkansas in 2000 AND 2010"
C. Arkansas home foreclosures between 2000 and 2010
D. "home foreclosures; Arkansas"; "2000 OR 2010"
74. Your web search results contain URLs from a variety of sources. Which of the followingsources should provide the most reliable data:
A. A government agency 
C. A personal blog
B. A term paper 
D. A Wikipedia site
75. A benefit of informed business decisions is that they
A. hurt a business's chances at competing. 
C. cost less money.
B. are usually bad decisions. 
D. reduce a business's risk.
76. One way that many businesses use database software programs is to
A. analyze customer information. 
C. prepare governmental reports.
B. design company stationery. 
D. monitor accounting functions.
77. What type of information about equipment is important for businesses to keep in their records?
A. Serial numbers 
C. Inventory status
B. Mechanical repairs 
D. Production process
78. Maxton Mart is being pressured by its vendors to pay for inventory it purchased more than 30days ago. However, Maxton Mart has not received its accounts receivable from customers. Whatbusiness record has Maxton Mart failed to monitor successfully?
A. Income statement 
C. Balance sheet
B. Cash flow 
D. Open to buy
79. Your statistical findings show that the mean and the median of the following data are the same:Data Set A: 2, 5, 8, 10, 10Data Set B: 7, 7, 7, 7, 7Data Set A: Mean = 7, Median = 7Data Set B: Mean = 7, Median = 7Just by looking at the data, you can tell the data results are quite different. What statistic do you needto use to show that difference?
A. Mode 
C. Geometric mean
B. Variance 
D. Measure of central tendency
80. Operations managers must work closely with managers and employees in
A. all other parts of the business. 
C. competitive businesses.
B. the marketing department only. 
D. foreign markets.
81. Accidents in the workplace may be prevented by all of the following techniques except
A. correcting poor lighting. 
C. taking periodic inventory.
B. providing employee training. 
D. inspecting equipment regularly.
82. Monitoring activities at the point of sale can protect the business from
A. payroll fraud. 
C. shoplifting losses.
B. liability claims. 
D. theft by employees.
83. If a business is planning a project that will take 40 hours to complete and must be done in oneweek, which two employees should be assigned the project if the business has four part-time employeeswho work the following schedule:Employee A—Mon-Fri, 9-12;Employee B—Mon-Fri, 1-4:30;Employee C—Mon-Fri, 7:30-12;Employee D—Mon-Fri, 11-2
A. Employees B & C 
C. Employees C & A
B. Employees A & D 
D. Employees D & C
84. General Motors decided to produce a new car called the "Shark." Since the parts of the car willbe easily interchangeable and the company expects to produce a large quantity of cars, the best methodof production would be __________ production.
A. unit 
C. batch
B. mass 
D. custom
85. Alert salespeople can help businesses control expenses by discouraging
A. exchanging. 
C. shoplifting.
B. purchasing. 
D. selling.
86. Determine whether the following statement is true or false: Housekeeping practices do notaffect the success of a business.
A. False, housekeeping is the most important factor affecting business success.
B. True, housekeeping practices are unrelated to business success.
C. True, customers are more concerned with price than with appearance.
D. False, a business's poor housekeeping can damage the business.
87. Goals which normally take a year or more to achieve are referred to as __________ goals.
A. long-term 
C. immediate
B. intermediate 
D. short-term
88. Which of the following activities reflects creativity:
A. Completing a sales check according to company policy
B. Replacing merchandise sold from a window display
C. Referring an irate customer to the store manager
D. Suggesting a new use for an existing product
89. When using exploratory interviews to identify occupational interests, you should try to interviewsomeone who
A. has an executive position in the company. 
C. holds the kind of job you want.
B. used to have the kind of job you want. 
D. hires people for the kind of job you want.
90. Michelle's primary reason for starting her own business is her desire to make her ownschedule. Michelle is looking forward to the __________ she hopes to have as a business owner.
A. flexibility and independence 
C. tax breaks and deductions
B. advanced technology 
D. personal commitment
91. Which of the following is an example of an appropriate attitude for a job applicant to have abouta job interview:
A. I can do any job that I'm asked to do.
B. I have skills that this company could use.
C. I think this company would be lucky to get me.
D. I know all about this company and its products.
92. Which of the following statements most accurately describes the financial-services industrytoday:
A. It is highly segmented, with separate businesses for separate services.
B. Banks, insurance companies, securities firms, and other financial institutions are sometimesowned by a single large firm offering a complete range of financial services.
C. The only place to pursue a career as a securities broker is a traditional financial securities firm onWall Street.
D. The financial-services industry is largely unregulated with little federal oversight.
93. A three-day exhibition in a convention hall featuring the most up-to-date computer equipment,software, and related goods is an example of which of the following:
A. Central market 
C. Floor plan
B. Trade show 
D. Warehouse club
94. As an employee of a financial-services firm, Elise helps her clients reduce their debt, build theirwealth, and save for their retirement. Which certification is Elise mostly likely to need to perform her job:
A. Certified Tax Specialist (CTS) 
C. Certified Loan Officer (CLO)
B. Certified Financial Planner (CFP) 
D. Chartered Market Technician (CMT)
95. After passing the General Securities Registered Representative Examination, abusinessperson obtains a license that allows him/her to work as a(n)
A. accountant. 
C. underwriter.
B. stockbroker. 
D. estate planner.
96. One way to build professional finance relationships at the local level is by
A. working with well-known securities firms.
B. submitting proposals to web-based financial businesses.
C. providing existing clients with referrals.
D. joining community organizations.
97. How can a business reduce risks that are associated with a poor public image:
A. Implement an ethics program 
C. Encourage fraudulent behavior
B. Maintain minimal inventory levels 
D. Offer credit to few customers
98. To limit the access of employees to clients' confidential information, a financial business mightrequire the employees to
A. develop a routing system. 
C. restrict digital signature options.
B. use computer passwords. 
D. limit their use of the Internet.
99. To reduce the risk of loss due to fire or power outages, a financial business should protect itscomputer data by
A. implementing an authorization process. 
C. conducting backup procedures.
B. using encryption techniques. 
D. monitoring data-transmission rates.
100. The primary reason that firms must take steps to control their levels of business risk is to
A. reduce the chance of financial losses. 
C. contribute to the well-being of society.
B. increase their visibility in the market. 
D. increase their financial liability levels.
1. Karla and Brad are college graduates who have received a small inheritance from their grandfather'sestate. Karla and Brad have always wanted to own a business, and they are committed to devoting bothtime and money to making it a success. What type of business ownership would you recommend to Karlaand Brad?
A. Sole proprietorship 
C. Limited partnership
B. Corporation 
D. General partnership
2. Gabriella is writing a professional report about the trends occurring in a specific industry. Whatsource would provide Gabriella with the most relevant, up-to-date information?
A. Trade publications 
C. Mailing lists
B. Online message board 
D. Archived government periodicals
3. Millie is reading a book to learn how to knit. She wants to make her sister a scarf for Christmas,but it's only a week away, and she doesn't have much time. Millie decides to skip ahead of the directions,and the scarf winds up looking more like a potholder. Which of the following tips for following directionsdid Millie ignore:
A. Note key words 
C. Accept responsibility
B. Know when to speak 
D. Don't rush
4. Which of the following is an example of a good listening skill:
A. Looking away from the speaker 
C. Thinking about a response
B. Asking appropriate questions 
D. Interrupting with comments
5. In all business occupations, it is important for workers to have effective use of
A. several languages. 
C. local slang.
B. correct grammar. 
D. technical jargon.
6. The most effective way to interpret others' nonverbal cues often is to look at their
A. office decor. 
C. clothing style.
B. leg movements. 
D. facial expressions.
7. An effective technique to use to clarify information when giving verbal directions involves
A. speaking in a loud voice. 
C. demonstrating a procedure.
B. taking notes. 
D. limiting questions.
8. It is most appropriate for businesspeople to use complex, technical jargon when they are
A. speaking with coworkers.
B. greeting new customers.
C. introducing a friend to a business associate.
D. informally conversing with an acquaintance.
9. A recommended way to find out why the caller has phoned your business is to
A. wait for the caller to ask questions. 
C. ask the caller, "What did you want?"
B. ask the caller, "How may I help you?" 
D. answer promptly with a friendly greeting.
10. When taking notes during a seminar, a businessperson should write down
A. inaccurate statements. 
C. all details.
B. information of interest. 
D. key points.
11. A guideline for effective, written business communication is to write clear, direct letters thatimmediately explain to the reader the
A. purpose of the company. 
C. company's goals.
B. purpose of the message. 
D. company's structure.
12. Which of the following would help Caitlin emphasize the most important points and clarify thecrucial concepts of her business report:
A. Signature block 
C. Bullet-pointed list
B. Long paragraphs 
D. Complex sentence structure
13. When writing a business report, Thomas might check his writing and style manual to determinethe
A. best way to set up tables using computer software.
B. appropriate way to cite his resources.
C. formal definitions of important terms.
D. synonyms for common words.
14. The following information appears at the end of all of Molly's outgoing e-mails: Molly S. Glenn;Assistant Manager; The Creekside Café; 4422 Clear Creek Road, Danville, TN 44882; (774) 555-2047;msglenn@creeksidecafe.com. This information is Molly's e-mail
A. attachment. 
C. carbon copy.
B. signature. 
D. etiquette.
15. A business letter that presents its message in as few words as possible would be described ashaving
A. completeness. 
C. clarity.
B. courtesy. 
D. conciseness.
16. Which type of communication is being used when a salesperson sends a message to the storemanager?
A. Downward 
C. Lateral
B. Upward 
D. Diagonal
17. Which of the following is the most appropriate method for supervisors to use whencommunicating about personal or confidential issues with individual employees:
A. Staff memo 
C. Telephone conference call
B. Company newsletter 
D. Face-to-face meeting
18. An unhappy customer wants to return some merchandise. The salesperson listens well and ispolite and courteous to the customer. As a result of this professional approach, the customer leaves thebusiness satisfied. This is an example of
A. building positive customer relations.
B. reducing employee turnover.
C. providing quality products.
D. increasing sales through suggestion selling.
19. What should you do to be prepared to answer customer questions?
A. Make eye contact when talking with customers.
B. Find out what you need to know to do your job well.
C. Give customers a chance to express themselves fully.
D. Use facial expressions to indicate interest in customers.
20. Which of the following is a guideline for employees to follow in handling customer inquiries:
A. Try to make a sale while you're answering each inquiry
B. Make sure you clearly understand customers' inquiries
C. Don't try to handle inquiries when you are busy with a sale
D. Spend as little time as possible answering customers' inquiries
21. By accurately explaining the company's policies to customers, salespeople often are able toavoid misunderstandings with customers and improve the company's
A. image. 
C. goals.
B. routine. 
D. rules.
22. When assisting domineering/superior customers, which of the following is not an action to take:
A. Be as brief as possible 
C. Do most of the talking yourself
B. Provide accurate product information 
D. Ask for their advice
23. The first step in handling customer complaints is to
A. listen to what the customer has to say.
B. make certain that what you promised is done.
C. analyze what can be done to remedy the situation.
D. determine if the solution is agreeable to the customer.
24. Cash-register tapes and shipping forms used by a business would be classified as industrial
A. materials. 
C. parts.
B. equipment. 
D. supplies.
25. Sara told her mother that she'd like a new bicycle for her birthday to ride to the park. What typeof want or need is this?
A. Noneconomic need 
C. Economic want
B. Economic need 
D. Noneconomic want
26. Which of the following is an example of creating form utility:
A. Buying a dress 
C. Sewing a dress
B. Renting a dress 
D. Borrowing a dress
27. When the price of a product is high, consumer demand will usually be
A. low. 
C. unchanged.
B. high. 
D. about average.
28. A business owner who is acquiring a partner in order to obtain additional operating funds isperforming which business activity?
A. Accounting 
C. Debt financing
B. Financial analysis 
D. Franchising
29. Which of the following is a statement that is true for all economic systems:
A. People are interdependent. 
C. Business is competitive.
B. Government regulates wages. 
D. Consumers control prices.
30. What is one of the identifying characteristics of private enterprise?
A. Little competition 
C. Equality in income
B. Freedom in the marketplace 
D. Unlimited government control
31. The type of business organization that offers its owners the most protection from risk is a
A. general partnership. 
C. public corporation.
B. sole proprietorship. 
D. government agency.
32. Government bans or controls monopolies because monopolies
A. do not always benefit consumers. 
C. do not pay taxes.
B. are hard to manage. 
D. reduce the power of the government.
33. Which of the following parts of self-management reflects the ability to adjust to new andchanging situations:
A. Transparency 
C. Achievement
B. Adaptability 
D. Positive attitude
34. Which of the following describes the relationship between self-esteem and your success in life:
A. Unrelated to success 
C. Important to success
B. A nonessential element 
D. An insignificant contributor
35. Eliminating undesirable traits requires
A. taking some action. 
C. finding a role model.
B. studying others' traits. 
D. completely reforming.
36. An example of a nonverbal signal that you can use to establish a connection with others andindicate that you are tuned in to what they are saying is
A. eye contact. 
C. questioning.
B. choice of words. 
D. tone of voice.
37. Which of the following is a method a responsible worker could use in order to become moreproductive:
A. Follow unwritten company rules 
C. Read current industry materials
B. Watch coworkers do their jobs 
D. Behave with honesty and integrity
38. What should be a responsible worker's primary work goal?
A. To be as efficient as possible 
C. To develop a code of ethics
B. To qualify for benefits 
D. To earn a promotion
39. The characteristics that reflect an individual's honesty, dependability, and fairness are referredto as
A. human relations skills. 
C. leadership style.
B. mental skills. 
D. ethical standards.
40. Mr. Field makes all the important decisions and gives his employees very specific instructions.Which of the following describes Mr. Field's management style:
A. Authoritarian 
C. Laissez-faire
B. Democratic 
D. Open
41. What is the not-so-good news about maintaining a positive attitude?
A. We can control our attitudes.
B. It takes more effort to be negative than to be positive.
C. It takes more effort to be positive than to be negative.
D. We cannot control our attitudes.
42. Which of the following is not a guideline for responding to criticism in a constructive manner:
A. Take the criticism seriously, and act on the criticism.
B. Tell the person involved exactly what you think of the situation.
C. Determine how you can improve, and learn from the experience.
D. Maintain your self-control, and don't get defensive.
43. Tom believes that his own culture is naturally better than other cultures. This is an example of
A. ethnocentrism. 
C. diversity.
B. cultural sensitivity. 
D. individualism.
44. In order for the process of communication to work effectively, it must include __________ ofthe information transmitted.
A. discussion 
C. analysis
B. appreciation 
D. understanding
45. Five minutes before closing time, a customer requested a special order to be delivered thatday. Lee was in the process of closing for the day, but the customer was insistent. Lee agreed toassemble the order and deliver it. Lee's behavior would be described as
A. assertive. 
C. passive.
B. correct. 
D. aggressive.
46. The XYZ Company has a committee whose members are appointed for three-year terms toreview the company's hiring policies. This committee is an example of a __________ committee.
A. short-term 
C. volunteer
B. standing 
D. temporary
47. Which of the following leadership characteristics would be too difficult to "fake":
A. Credibility 
C. Integrity
B. Passion for work and people 
D. Self-confidence
48. When management and employees see the same image of what the business is capable ofbeing in the future, they are sharing a(n)
A. dream. 
C. vision.
B. goal. 
D. idea.
49. Which of the following is a true statement about coaching:
A. Coaching is enabling others to reach their potential.
B. Coaching always involves athletics.
C. The coach is the boss.
D. There is only one way to coach.
50. In which of the following situations might a business be held liable for the unethical behavior ofits employees while they are on the job:
A. Promotional techniques of competitors are copied.
B. Suppliers are rated according to their prices.
C. Customers are treated with little respect.
D. Female applicants are harassed during interviews.
51. Which of the following is the opportunity cost for a person who decides to place $500 in thebank rather than purchase something s/he really wants but does not need:
A. Lower salary or wages 
C. Immediate gratification
B. Higher discretionary income 
D. Long-term dissatisfaction
52. Hanson Supermarket wanted to establish a form of business credit with Smith WholesaleCompany that would allow the owner to purchase meat, vegetables, bread, and milk products on a "90days same as cash" basis. The owner also wanted a credit account that would require payments every30 days so that s/he would not have to make large payments. The type of credit account that would bestsuit Hanson Supermarket is a(n) ___________ credit account.
A. regular 
C. budget
B. revolving 
D. installment
53. Ali is borrowing $275,000 from a bank. So Ali understands the terms of the loan, the bankoutlines the terms in a formal agreement and requires Ali to sign it. This is an example of a financial
A. proposal. 
C. contract.
B. warranty. 
D. referral.
54. One advantage to setting attainable goals is that you
A. are less likely to become discouraged. 
C. work harder to achieve a very high goal.
B. can measure your progress. 
D. can picture it in your mind.
55. Which of the following is a source of income that a person should consider when developing apersonal budget:
A. Salary 
C. Clothing
B. Insurance 
D. Utilities
56. Each year, Marla must pay a certain percentage of the value of her home to the localgovernment. Which of the following is the tax liability Marla is responsible for paying:
A. Excise 
C. Sales
B. Property 
D. Income
57. Which of the following is a safeguard that can be used when writing checks:
A. Make the check out to Cash when you need to get cash from your bank.
B. Fill the check out in pencil so that you can easily change your mistakes.
C. Don't sign blank checks that could be filled out by a dishonest person.
D. Modify your signature so that it will be difficult to duplicate.
58. When reconciling bank statements, it is important to consider
A. the types of payroll deposits. 
C. services not available online.
B. the number of transactions. 
D. checks that have not cleared.
59. It is important to protect against identity theft to prevent unauthorized individuals from
A. sending you information online. 
C. improving your credit rating.
B. obtaining credit in your name. 
D. trying to sell you a product.
60. While preparing her annual income tax return, Kate determined that she had her employerwithhold more tax than necessary. As a result, Kate is eligible for a government
A. due bill. 
C. refund.
B. deduction. 
D. reference.
61. Which of the following types of broker usually charges the highest commissions:
A. Discount 
C. Online
B. Full-service 
D. Stock
62. Of the following lending investments, which is not offered by a bank:
A. Money market account 
C. Savings account
B. Municipal bond 
D. Certificate of deposit
63. How does insurance benefit a business?
A. Protects against financial loss 
C. Lowers personal tax obligation
B. Reduces security needs 
D. Enhances economic utility
64. Information that a business keeps in its accounting records includes its
A. trends and forecasts. 
C. revenues and expenses.
B. goods and services. 
D. market share and profit.
65. A company's current balance of assets and liabilities falls under the focus of
A. working capital management. 
C. capital investment decisions.
B. return on capital. 
D. the cash conversion cycle.
66. Which of the following is not a purpose of an exit interview:
A. To gather further understanding about employee turnover
B. To gauge employee attitudes about a company
C. To gain constructive suggestions for improvement
D. To negotiate compensation and benefits
67. To improve a business's effectiveness in providing customer satisfaction, the business'smarketing activities and its other business functions should be
A. publicized. 
C. eliminated.
B. contrasted. 
D. coordinated.
68. Which of the following statements is an example of an opinion:
A. James Polk was the 11th President of the United States.
B. The chemical name for table salt is sodium chloride.
C. The numerical value of pi is 3.14159.
D. Politicians are unethical and should not be trusted.
69. Emma is preparing a report about business trends in her industry, which she must submit toher manager in two days. The most efficient, cost-effective way for Emma to obtain the information is to
A. telephone government agencies to request copies of industry journals and brochures.
B. set up interviews with several people who work in the industry.
C. visit similar local businesses to evaluate their products.
D. analyze information that is posted on the industry's trade association's web site.
70. One way for a person to verify the reliability of an online article's information is by
A. evaluating the author's writing style.
B. comparing the information with other articles about the topic.
C. gathering internal reports from the company's database.
D. asking others for their opinions.
71. An advertising agency wants to communicate its television commercial idea to a client. Whatformat would be the best for the agency to use?
A. Sales letter 
C. Storyboard
B. Memo 
D. Catalog
72. What portable device can businesspeople use to store electronic documents, so they can laterretrieve them from other computers?
A. Audio tape 
C. Flash drive
B. Camera film 
D. Computer battery
73. Appropriate information management saves businesses time and money by
A. maintaining yearly raises for employees. 
C. increasing "paper trails."
B. increasing information overload. 
D. maintaining higher levels of productivity.
74. Which of the following is the type of information system that contains word-processing andspreadsheet applications:
A. Office automation 
C. Meta tag
B. Transaction processing 
D. Business intelligence
75. JavaScript, BETA, AppleScript, and Ubercode are examples of computer
A. programming languages. 
C. service providers.
B. search engines. 
D. disk drives.
76. Which of the following is an Internet-access source that allows computer users to log onto theInternet without a physical connection:
A. Analog 
C. Wireless Fidelity
B. Broadband Cable 
D. Portal
77. Business people often use the calendar applications on their cellular telephones to
A. track their appointments. 
C. send text messages to clients.
B. obtain driving directions. 
D. check their e-mail.
78. To streamline its information systems, the Mason Company wants to purchase a computerprogram that performs a variety of related functions, such as accounts payable, accounts receivable, andgeneral ledger applications. The Mason Company should purchase a(n) ____________ computerpackage.
A. engineering design 
C. integrated software
B. marketing intelligence 
D. customer identification
79. Which of the following is needed to post a web page:
A. Legal permit 
C. Interested audience
B. Product to sell 
D. Web server
80. Which of the following is an example of one of a business's inputs:
A. Employees 
C. Services
B. Products 
D. Goods
81. Which of the following statements about practicing good safety habits is true:
A. Employees who take shortcuts are safety-conscious.
B. Employees should always be thinking about safety.
C. Thinking about safety distracts employees from their jobs.
D. Everything employees need to know about safety is written down.
82. Which of the following is a true statement:
A. Employees are not responsible for accident prevention.
B. Accidents and injuries occur frequently in the workplace.
C. Work-related accidents are seldom serious or fatal.
D. Accidents in the workplace are not a problem for businesses.
83. To best handle serious illnesses or injuries in the workplace, employees should thoroughlyunderstand the company's __________ procedures.
A. medical emergency 
C. robbery reporting
B. fire escape 
D. security lockdown
84. Which of the following situations is an example of business security:
A. Employees are required to enter and exit the business through one door.
B. Only management staff know how the security system operates.
C. Cashiers do not call for a price check if merchandise has a price ticket.
D. All employees have equal access to computerized files.
85. Providing an uninterrupted flow of goods or materials is an important aspect of which of thefollowing business activities:
A. Controlling 
C. Directing
B. Purchasing 
D. Organizing
86. Which of the following is an example of a business placing a blanket order with a vendor:
A. Ordering goods that are out of stock 
C. Ordering items in advance of the season
B. Ordering goods without specifying style 
D. Ordering items that usually are not carried
87. Which of the following lists the components of the production process:
A. Inputs, a conversion process, and outputs 
C. Mass, unit, and batch production
B. Product design, purchasing, and planning 
D. Purchasing, inputs, and factors of production
88. Your body language affects how you present yourself in terms of your nonverbal cues and the
A. level of productivity at work. 
C. manner in which you carry yourself.
B. ability to maintain a healthy weight. 
D. way you manage your clothing budget.
89. A personal characteristic that helps people to reach their goals is
A. passivism. 
C. perseverance.
B. procrastination. 
D. pessimism.
90. Which of the following does not describe decision making:
A. Selecting one preference 
C. Picking one option
B. Changing one requirement 
D. Choosing one alternative
91. A man comes to pick up his order at the office where Courtney works. When she tells him hisorder hasn't arrived yet, he seems a little upset. She asks for his order number again so she candouble-check it and find out where it is. Which step of the seven-step problem-solving method does thissituation illustrate?
A. Evaluate the solution 
C. Define the problem
B. State and check assumptions 
D. Collect information
92. Which of the following is an external source of information about yourself that could help you todevelop self-understanding:
A. Self-evaluation 
C. Self-help books
B. Personal knowledge 
D. Friends
93. To help make tentative career decisions, you should know the educational and trainingrequirements as well as
A. employment opportunities that will be available in the next decade.
B. the salary level to expect.
C. the level of computer literacy and skills required.
D. your major strengths, aptitudes, and interests.
94. What do employees need to be successful in most business careers?
A. Apprenticeship training 
C. Physical strength
B. Basic academic skills 
D. Technical backgrounds
95. Entrepreneurs protect the profitability of their businesses by developing which of the followingskills:
A. Passive and technical 
C. Language and operations
B. Financial and problem-solving 
D. Domestic and team-building
96. Students searching for a job should check the listings posted in the school's
A. reference library. 
C. guidance office.
B. media center. 
D. athletic department.
97. One way that an applicant can indicate a sincere interest in the job during an employmentinterview is to
A. talk constantly. 
C. speak loudly.
B. listen attentively. 
D. answer quickly.
98. What should job applicants offer to do in the closing paragraph of an interview follow-up letter?
A. Send an appropriate gift 
C. Provide further information
B. Work for a reduced salary 
D. Accept any available job
99. One way that individuals can obtain valuable work experience before applying for full-timepaying positions is to
A. serve an internship. 
C. research the industry.
B. complete an apprenticeship. 
D. attend summer school.
100. As president of her large company, which should be Sandra's first priority?
A. Hiring 
C. Planning
B. Supervising 
D. Producing
1. What is the Environmental Protection Agency allowed to do if it suspects a business that distributes orsells pesticides is in violation of the law?
A. Temporarily close the business 
C. Ask the business to relocate
B. Collect samples from the business 
D. Tell the business to sell a different product
2. What type of business is owned by stockholders who share the business's profits?
A. Sole proprietorship 
C. Cooperative
B. Partnership 
D. Corporation
3. Which of the following statements is true regarding regulation in the travel and tourism industry:
A. Regulation policies are always being instituted, revised, and repealed.
B. The same regulations apply to all travel and tourism businesses.
C. There are no regulations in place for the physical environment.
D. Governments limit regulation to the transportation industry.
4. Which of the following intermediaries never actually owns the products it promotes and sells:
A. Industrial users 
C. Retailers
B. Wholesalers 
D. Agents
5. One reason a channel of distribution that has strong leadership is often able to avoid conflictwithin the channel is because the leader has the
A. ability to provide training. 
C. authority to demand cooperation.
B. personality to develop friendships. 
D. capacity to regulate change.
6. Before an individual can follow directions, s/he must first be ready to
A. understand. 
C. speak.
B. write. 
D. listen.
7. Because front desk clerks give out information to callers, it is very important for them to have
A. a professional appearance. 
C. excellent verbal skills.
B. a wide range of experience. 
D. good body-language skills.
8. To contribute to a discussion in a useful way, you avoid
A. talking about what's on your mind.
B. letting others know if you're stating a fact or opinion.
C. blurting out statements without thinking.
D. paying attention when others are speaking.
9. When organizing an oral presentation, you use cause-and-effect order to
A. arrange material into related subcategories.
B. describe a problem and a plan for solving it.
C. emphasize the relationship between events.
D. put items in time sequence.
10. One of the important characteristics that makes written communication effective is
A. faulty punctuation. 
C. complex words.
B. long paragraphs. 
D. short sentences.
11. Employees should be encouraged to communicate suggestions for changes to managementbecause
A. the change may improve the business. 
C. change is motivational.
B. change is always good. 
D. the employees will feel appreciated.
12. What is one way that employees who routinely deal with customers can demonstrate acustomer-service mindset?
A. Stand at attention 
C. Make eye contact
B. Speak in a monotone 
D. Keep a straight face
13. What is the first step employees should take in handling customer complaints?
A. Listen to the customer 
C. Ask the customer for a solution
B. Restate the customer's complaint 
D. Determine the appropriate action to take
14. An amusement park offers a special Labor Day package that can be purchased only throughthe park. This is an example of __________ distribution.
A. indirect 
C. network
B. direct 
D. channel
15. Resource owners and producers rely on a variety of techniques when human resources arelimited. Which of the following techniques would most likely aid in preserving human resources:
A. Increased job training 
C. Decreased job wages
B. Decreased job promotions 
D. Increased job retirement incentives
16. If the money supply is low and the demand for money is high, interest rates on loans will
A. decrease. 
C. stay about the same.
B. increase. 
D. increase, then decrease.
17. An employee's formal level of authority in a firm directly relates to his/her power to
A. apply knowledge. 
C. formulate ideas.
B. create problems. 
D. make decisions.
18. Which of the following statements about perfect competition is correct:
A. Products vary from seller to seller.
B. There is a limited supply of goods and services.
C. Businesses have a good deal of control over the market.
D. It is used as a benchmark to compare real market structures against.
19. When prices and wages go up, tax revenues will usually
A. go up. 
C. go down.
B. remain stable. 
D. fluctuate.
20. The total output of an economy during a one-year period is known as its
A. gross domestic product. 
C. production possibilities curve.
B. nondurable goods and services. 
D. marginal propensity to consume.
21. One way employees can demonstrate initiative is by handling __________ situationseffectively.
A. routine 
C. unexpected
B. regular 
D. training
22. Which of the following statements does not reflect a person's integrity:
A. I don't take anything that isn't mine. 
C. I pay all my debts promptly.
B. I listen in on others' conversations. 
D. I am truthful in all situations.
23. Hannah has been feeling bored and grumpy lately, so she decides to take dance lessons at thelocal community center. Which step in the process of maintaining a positive attitude does this illustrate?
A. Have a sense of humor 
C. Realize that it won't happen overnight
B. Look sharp 
D. Act positively
24. All feedback provides its message recipients with ___________ information.
A. conservative 
C. creative
B. extensive 
D. evaluative
25. Which of the following is an example of people using persuasion in business:
A. Distributing a report to company officers that recommends policy changes
B. Delivering or distributing goods to a customer on a timely basis
C. Requesting product specifications from a vendor or manufacturer
D. Presenting the company's annual financial statement to the board of directors
26. Which of the following is not a reason why people resist change:
A. Fear 
C. Lack of confidence
B. Trust 
D. Contentment
27. What does listening have to do with being fair?
A. Listening benefits the speaker more than the listener.
B. Listening is not part of being fair to others.
C. Listening prevents disagreements between coworkers.
D. Listening to coworkers benefits both parties.
28. Many people pay for meals and lodging on credit through a(n)
A. unsecured loan. 
C. budget credit account.
B. installment credit account. 
D. travel and entertainment card.
29. When setting financial goals, it is important to make sure that they are realistic and
A. conservative. 
C. specific.
B. general. 
D. durable.
30. Which of the following types of insurance is intended to provide an income to an employee'sdependents:
A. Life 
C. Home
B. Medical 
D. Collision
31. One of the advantages to business of collecting primary information is that this type ofinformation is
A. internal. 
C. generic.
B. expensive. 
D. accurate.
32. Why is a good accounting system important to a business?
A. It shows the business how it is doing. 
C. It increases the return on investment.
B. It prevents any financial losses. 
D. It gives the business an image of success.
33. What might a business decide that it needs to do after comparing the categories in its incomestatement?
A. Increase revenues 
C. Increase expenses
B. Decrease sales 
D. Decrease transactions
34. Money the business owes is known as
A. accounts receivable. 
C. assets.
B. equity. 
D. accounts payable.
35. After a company's training needs are determined, what is the next step in training anddevelopment?
A. Managing employee performances
B. Determining what training resources are available
C. Keeping records for personnel files
D. Dismissing employees who are not up to standard
36. Anna is a marketing manager for an upscale resort, and is developing profiles of typical guestswho stay at the resort. The best internal source of secondary information for Anna to obtain is
A. airline passenger lists. 
C. guest registration records.
B. government census reports. 
D. room status reports.
37. Which of the following is a web site that is likely to provide statistical tourism information for aspecific destination:
A. The local chapter of the American Marketing Association
B. The Farmer's Almanac
C. Transportation Security Administration
D. The local chamber of commerce
38. If trends indicate that more people are booking airline flights to popular destinations, it is likelythat
A. the unemployment rate will increase. 
C. lodging occupancy rates will increase.
B. tour attendance will decline. 
D. consumer spending will decline.
39. What is an advantage to using telephone interviews to collect marketing research?
A. It is less expensive than conducting face-to-face interviews.
B. Respondents usually are willing to participate in telephone interviews.
C. It is easy for researchers to obtain telephone numbers for the interviews.
D. Data gathered by telephone interviews are more credible than other survey methods.
40. Calculate the range if 30 customers visit a business two times a month, 45 customers visit thebusiness three times a month, 55 customers visit the business four times a month, and 20 customers visitthe business five times a month.
A. 5 
C. 4
B. 2 
D. 3
41. To make sure the purpose of the content is clear, the data that are placed in a table should be
A. included in the appendices. 
C. attractively presented.
B. properly labeled. 
D. placed in the report's margins.
42. When citing research findings during an oral presentation, the presenter should make sure thatthe information is
A. relevant and timely. 
C. interesting and current.
B. accurate and creative. 
D. objective and superficial.
43. A person who promotes Walt Disney theme parks is marketing a(n)
A. cause. 
C. lifestyle.
B. service. 
D. intermediary.
44. Selecting a target market is crucial because
A. a business can't be all things to all people.
B. it is required by law to do so.
C. companies cannot share target markets.
D. a company can't develop products without one.
45. Metropolitan hotels that contain several meeting rooms and large banquet facilities often targettheir marketing activities to
A. business travelers. 
C. long-term guests.
B. convention groups. 
D. leisure travelers.
46. One way for a hospitality business to obtain current information in a cost-effective and efficientmanner is by
A. reviewing archived journals. 
C. accessing an Internet search engine.
B. developing a survey. 
D. interviewing experts.
47. If a company is managing its information effectively, the data should be accurate and
A. skewed. 
C. inconsistent.
B. relevant. 
D. positive.
48. Which of the following are applications that the integrated software package performsspecifically for a travel agency:
A. Types letters and develops brochures
B. Manages hotel reservations and books airline seats
C. Stores payroll information and monitors clients' payments
D. Books car rentals and develops spreadsheets
49. Ken is developing a web page for a new bed-and-breakfast inn. He wants to add informationon the web page that describes local tourist attractions and restaurants. To allow web-site visitors theability to visit these other web sites from the bed-and breakfast inn's web site, Ken should create
A. cookies. 
C. hyperlinks.
B. portals. 
D. a site map.
50. Which of the following demonstrates a typical reason businesses keep records relating topayroll deductions:
A. Because some employees leave their jobs
B. Because companies need to document wages paid
C. Because a governing agency will review the records
D. Because employees want to know the amounts
51. What is a benefit to a tour operator who makes business decisions of analyzing statisticalinformation?
A. Increased competition 
C. Improved performance
B. Lower demand 
D. Lower outputs
52. A current issue in the travel and tourism industry that will continue to increase in importance is
A. market segmentation. 
C. limited destinations.
B. delayed retirement. 
D. inflexible schedules.
53. An important aspect of operations is making sure that the business is able to
A. inventory products. 
C. sell quickly.
B. motivate employees. 
D. function effectively.
54. One way to protect workers from slips and falls is to use
A. skid-resistant strips. 
C. safety goggles.
B. hard hats. 
D. receiving dock lights.
55. Which of the following is a true statement about project planning:
A. You should never develop a custom-made plan for your project.
B. With a project plan, you can mentally walk through your project from start to finish.
C. Through project planning, you can evaluate what you have accomplished.
D. You should not involve others in the planning process.
56. If a purchasing specialist and a supplier discuss potential issues and ways to resolve themprior to making a purchase, what are the two parties doing?
A. Transforming 
C. Bidding
B. Negotiating 
D. Forecasting
57. An organization with a quality culture would have executive-level managers who are
A. good at delegating all commitments for quality assurance.
B. committed, involved, and take responsibility for quality.
C. flexible, indifferent, and not responsible for quality.
D. able to enlist the expertise of outside contractors for quality.
58. Which of the following actions by employees might result in additional expense for a business:
A. Making personal use of company property 
C. Reporting incidents of shoplifting
B. Taking the initiative to find work 
D. Giving appropriate discounts to customers
59. In travel and tourism, the increase in terrorist activity throughout the world is an example of a(n)
A. environmental concern. 
C. medical emergency.
B. technological problem. 
D. employee safety issue.
60. When handling various waste and chemical products, hotel employees can reduce the risk ofcontamination by
A. sanitizing the products before handling them.
B. wearing disposable gloves when handling the items.
C. storing recyclables inside the facility.
D. washing their hands before contact with the product.
61. During fire emergencies, all hotel employees need to
A. activate the central sprinkler control system.
B. know emergency escape and route procedures.
C. check all fire extinguishers for malfunctions.
D. keep portable smoke detectors with them at all times.
62. Being organized helps to make workers more productive because organized workers
A. plan ahead and work at a relaxed pace. 
C. help to create a good image for the business.
B. accomplish less than disorganized workers. 
D. prefer to do things quickly at the last minute.
63. To allow your ideas to flow freely when trying to be creative, you should avoid being
A. self-critical. 
C. determined.
B. independent. 
D. curious.
64. How can individuals make informed decisions about the occupations that would be best suitedto their abilities and interests?
A. Ask family and friends for suggestions 
C. Visit a career fair
B. Choose a popular career 
D. Use various assessment tools
65. Which of the following must appear on your resume:
A. Education 
C. Date of birth
B. Marital status 
D. List of references
66. Which of the following is a factor that businesses often consider when determining whichemployees to promote:
A. Family status 
C. Personal life
B. Ethnic background 
D. Leadership ability
67. A primary reason hospitality employees and businesses join professional or trade organizationsis to
A. qualify for additional government funding. 
C. obtain further education and certification.
B. develop promotional efforts and materials. 
D. increase employee productivity.
68. Which of the following is a characteristic of the travel and tourism industry:
A. Provides overnight accommodations
B. Transports people to destinations away from home
C. Arranges for meals for international travelers
D. Organizes activities in a local community
69. After a party of six has finished the main course at a resort restaurant, the server brings over atray of pastries and asks which ones they would like for dessert. This is an example of which of thefollowing sales techniques:
A. Follow-up 
C. Prospecting
B. Feature-benefit selling 
D. Suggestion selling
70. Which of the following is an example of developing new products:
A. Marketing specialty products 
C. Manufacturing convenience goods
B. Modifying existing products 
D. Merchandising retail goods
71. Why is it important for a business to communicate the core values of its products?
A. To justify the price 
C. To develop appropriate advertising
B. To appeal to the target market 
D. To analyze market research
72. Before deciding what goods to buy, businesses often review past sales records in order to
A. organize storage facilities. 
C. determine customer preferences.
B. analyze transportation schedules. 
D. select qualified vendors.
73. Which of the following is an important factor that hotel restaurants consider when decidingwhen to buy food items:
A. Perishability 
C. Nutrition
B. Dependability 
D. Sanitation
74. Which of the following statements is true regarding the concept of product in the hospitalityindustry:
A. Hospitality products usually consist of something that is consumed rather than observed.
B. Hospitality products include tangible items such as dining service and special events.
C. The hospitality product is a good or service that satisfies a particular want or experience.
D. Hotel service is considered the most important product in the hospitality industry.
75. Which of the following is an example of a travel agent providing a product extension tocustomers:
A. Booking an all-inclusive trip to Mexico
B. Making reservations with a scheduled airline
C. Selling a cruise and a city tour before departure
D. Arranging a motorcoach tour through the mountains
76. A business sponsors the web site for a news agency. This is an example of online
A. hosting. 
C. selling.
B. advertising. 
D. bonding.
77. One of the advantages of using e-mail marketing is that it is
A. impersonal. 
C. anonymous.
B. profit oriented. 
D. cost effective.
78. Which of the following is a reason why businesses often use color in their advertisements:
A. To develop harmony 
C. To create balance
B. To promote unity 
D. To attract attention
79. Effective advertising layouts usually contain a
A. Web address. 
C. selling price.
B. photograph. 
D. focal point.
80. Adobe Illustrator and Corel Painter are examples of
A. desktop publishing programs. 
C. Web page designers.
B. drawing media. 
D. video software.
81. Which of the following is an impact of color harmonies on the composition of a print ad:
A. Develops logical sequence 
C. Highlights specific element
B. Creates informal balance 
D. Emphasizes overall design
82. One way to use the concept of digital color is to prepare
A. accurate proofs. 
C. marketing programs.
B. publicity plans. 
D. sales procedures.
83. How can copy in a print advertisement provide proof to readers that the product will perform aspromised?
A. By preparing institutional advertisements 
C. By using a conversational tone
B. By being imaginative 
D. By using testimonials
84. Which of the following individuals has the final responsibility for checking an advertising proof:
A. Advertiser 
C. Engraver
B. Illustrator 
D. Media representative
85. What do businesses often receive as a result of their involvement in community activities?
A. Free advertising 
C. Positive publicity
B. Reimbursement 
D. Compensation
86. A news release about a business's establishment of a college scholarship is considered to be__________ news.
A. print 
C. local
B. hard 
D. soft
87. Arranging a joint promotional campaign with an area theme park that involves setting updisplays in the quick-serve restaurant and sponsoring a contest is an example of preparing for a
A. publicity stunt. 
C. trade show.
B. celebrity visit. 
D. special event.
88. What type of display contains as much merchandise as it will hold?
A. Interior 
C. Dump bin
B. Line-of-goods 
D. Seasonal theme
89. Which of the following is a reason why it is important for businesses to properly maintaindisplays:
A. To evaluate performance 
C. To maximize effectiveness
B. To eliminate creativity 
D. To utilize floor space
90. Businesses often track marketing-communications activities by monitoring
A. suppliers. 
C. transactions.
B. commercials. 
D. priorities.
91. Promotion in the travel and tourism industry is often intended to inform customers about
A. publicity and public relations. 
C. new advertising campaigns.
B. contests and sweepstakes. 
D. new products and services.
92. What do many hotel chains use to promote their properties to large numbers of potential guestswho are traveling by car?
A. Billboards 
C. Magazines
B. Newspapers 
D. Commercials
93. An advantage of using attractive window displays to promote a travel agency's vacationpackage is that it
A. promotes immediate feedback and stimulates impulse purchases.
B. can be used for long periods of time.
C. can be used without other promotional or sales elements.
D. increases long-term brand loyalty.
94. When you determine that your customer would benefit from better quality goods than s/he hasrequested, you should then use the technique of
A. bait and switch. 
C. trading-up.
B. suggestion selling. 
D. suggesting larger quantities.
95. Many professional salespeople feel that the best time to try for a close is
A. after suggestion selling.
B. when the customer seems ready to make a buying decision.
C. after covering all information.
D. when the customer seems undecided.
96. In the hospitality industry, price is the amount of money that a guest pays
A. for the use of a hotel's services. 
C. to prevent possible cancellations.
B. to make future reservations. 
D. for requesting additional towels.
97. What do salespeople need to consider when selling goods or services to an individual?
A. Adaptability 
C. Education
B. Environment 
D. Personality
98. Which of the following is the type of guest who is most likely to benefit, when a hotel employeeadvises the guest that the property has an on-site photocopy center:
A. Incentive 
C. Social
B. Business 
D. Leisure
99. A hotel restaurant is offering lobster dinners for a special price of $22.99 for one week only. If atable of four orders the dinners and two customers have coupons for a 15% discount on their dinners,calculate the total cost for the table.
A. $91.96 
C. $87.26
B. $78.16 
D. $85.06
100. What must managers be able to do if they want employees to understand the business's goalsand be productive?
A. Communicate clearly 
C. Ask questions
B. Listen carefully 
D. Obtain feedback
1. The wrongful interference with the right of a business to operate is the basis of business
A. compliance. 
C. fraud.
B. liability. 
D. tort law.
2. Jake wanted to run his own business but was unsure that he had adequate business skills tobe successful. Which type of business would give Jake the help he needs?
A. Sole proprietorship 
C. Private corporation
B. Business-format franchise 
D. Product trade-name franchise
3. Great Adventures Travel Agency is preparing a new brochure for its clients which will includethe following information: what is included in the package, reservation procedures, deposit and paymentschedule, cancellation and refund policy, and the tour operator's limited responsibility and liability. Thisinformation is required by the two trade associations serving the tour segment of the travel industry and isknown as
A. federal regulation. 
C. code of ethics.
B. performance bond. 
D. statement of conditions.
4. Which of the following would not be considered an intermediary in a channel of distribution:
A. Wholesaler 
C. Agent
B. Retailer 
D. Producer
5. Businesses that buy products from suppliers that are not the authorized distributors for theproducts' manufacturers are involved in the
A. discount trade. 
C. export business.
B. outlet industry. 
D. gray market.
6. As the reporter from WRTZ interviews the fire chief, she takes careful notes of theconversation. When he explains the details of injuries, she says, "that's two people in critical conditionand three in fair condition." This is an example of
A. defensive behavior. 
C. passive listening.
B. ongoing feedback. 
D. active listening.
7. The front desk can be a hectic work area at times. Front desk clerks can still give good serviceunder these conditions if they
A. have good accounting skills. 
C. know how to avoid problems.
B. stay calm during interruptions. 
D. are able to organize others.
8. In oral presentations, a closing method used specifically for getting the audience to dosomething is
A. using humor. 
C. making an appeal for action.
B. using a quotation. 
D. making a comparison.
9. Which of the following is a characteristic of a persuasive sales message:
A. Discredits the competition 
C. Makes the product appealing
B. Reminds customer of the product 
D. Contains loaded language
10. Which of the following is a type of simple written report that usually is distributed to employeeswithin a business:
A. Proposal 
C. Handbook
B. Memorandum 
D. Newsletter
11. What is a type of informal communication that coworkers often use to communicate with eachother?
A. Grapevine 
C. Network
B. Feedback 
D. Structured
12. When a business strives to make every customer experience a positive one, it is rememberingits
A. history. 
C. competition.
B. internal customers. 
D. touch points.
13. When customers ask questions or have complaints about a business's procedures, employeesneed to be able to
A. give the customers a booklet to read. 
C. call a supervisor for help.
B. explain the business's policies. 
D. refer the customers to management.
14. An individual books a hotel reservation on an Internet web site. This is an example of
A. product. 
C. place.
B. promotion. 
D. possession.
15. The social science concerned with the basic problem of scarcity is called
A. manufacturing. 
C. marketing.
B. purchasing. 
D. economics.
16. A business that begins selling winter holiday decorations in late autumn is creating__________ utility.
A. form 
C. time
B. place 
D. possession
17. In a market economy, which of the following factors has an influence on what goods areproduced:
A. Profit 
C. Quotas
B. Need 
D. Opinion
18. Fracton Enterprises and Garland Manufacturing are identical businesses that are supplied byAlta Wholesale. Fracton provides a holiday party for its suppliers, while Garland does not. Because of theholiday party, Alta Wholesale charges Fracton less for its merchandise than it charges Garland forpurchasing the same quantity of merchandise. Which government legislation of competition is Altaviolating?
A. Robinson-Patman Act 
C. Sherman Antitrust Act
B. Clayton Act 
D. Celler-Kefauver Antimerger Act
19. The gross domestic product (GDP) is calculated each year in the United States to determine
A. the health of the economy.
B. the level of exports.
C. whether income taxes should be lowered or raised.
D. how much money should be printed during the year.
20. Countries record the flow of imports, exports, foreign aid, business investment, foreigninvestments, and money spent by tourists in order to determine their
A. number of multinationals. 
C. need for trade missions.
B. balance of payments. 
D. volume of production.
21. A restaurant server was working constantly, going from one task to the next. This server wasdemonstrating interest and enthusiasm for the job through
A. body language. 
C. boredom.
B. personality. 
D. verbal communication.
22. An employee accidentally quoted the wrong price to an important customer. How should theemployee deal with this problem?
A. Tell the customer the typist made an error
B. Admit the mistake and quote the correct price
C. Ask a coworker to accept responsibility
D. Say the manager provided inaccurate information
23. Which of the following is key to developing empathy:
A. Being on guard against criticism 
C. Avoiding people who are different
B. Being sensitive to others' emotions 
D. Basing your opinions on your emotions
24. Which of the following is an example of a manager being unethical when communicating withemployees:
A. Deliberately limiting the distribution of classified information
B. Explaining that some information is confidential
C. Sending information in simple chart form
D. Deliberately providing insufficient information
25. The question, "Who is experiencing the conflict?" can provide insight about the
A. importance of the relationship. 
C. other person's personality.
B. core issue surrounding the disagreement. 
D. type of disagreement that is occurring.
26. Employees who set realistic goals and standards for themselves often are able to control their
A. ability to advance. 
C. work schedule.
B. level of stress. 
D. group participation.
27. One reason why consensus building encourages commitment and support from all groupmembers is because
A. the process promotes thinking. 
C. everyone has equal power.
B. the process encourages creativity. 
D. everyone agrees with the decision.
28. An advantage to businesses of offering credit is that credit customers
A. are not as price-conscious as cash customers.
B. buy less readily than cash customers.
C. can often save money on purchases.
D. buy few impulse items.
29. When a business's insurance premiums are high, it is most often because the
A. security is optimal. 
C. threats are minimal.
B. liability is low. 
D. risk is high.
30. Which of the following financial tools shows an estimate of the start-up costs for a newbusiness and the sources of those funds:
A. Balance sheet 
C. Statement of financial requirements
B. Break-even analysis 
D. Cash-flow analysis
31. When customers buy on credit, the money owed the business by the customers is part of thebusiness's
A. cash receipts. 
C. accounts payable.
B. current liabilities. 
D. accounts receivable.
32. The three sections of a balance sheet represent the basic
A. accounting equation. 
C. financial quota.
B. bookkeeping system. 
D. monetary policy.
33. Which of the following are usually responsible for analyzing a business's income statement:
A. Managers 
C. Cashiers
B. Customers 
D. Bookkeepers
34. When a business owner or manager uses a budget, s/he
A. demonstrates leadership. 
C. has to try to make it interesting.
B. makes more informed decisions. 
D. can more accurately evaluate employees.
35. A current employee who is asked to help orient a new employee will be serving as the newemployee's
A. apprentice. 
C. manager.
B. sponsor. 
D. trainee.
36. Which of the following is the primary reason that hospitality and tourism businesses obtainrelevant marketing information:
A. To offer products that customers want
B. To maximize the use of the latest technology
C. To improve their relationships with creditors
D. To drive indirect competitors out of business
37. The Majestic Resort and Conference Center sent an online survey to former guests to obtainfeedback about their satisfaction levels with the facility and its services. What type of information did theresort collect?
A. Primary 
C. Preparatory
B. Supportive 
D. Secondary
38. To attract new customers, a Philadelphia-based travel agency plans to conduct a web search todetermine the types of domestic tour packages that leisure travelers have been booking in the past twoyears. Which of the following organizations is most likely to provide this information on its web site:
A. The United States Tour Operators Association
B. Cruise Lines International Association
C. The American Hotel and Lodging Association
D. Recreational Gaming Association of Washington
39. Business travelers make up 40% of a hotel chain's market in the Southwest region of thecountry. If 860,800 guests stayed at the various properties in the Southwest region last year, how many ofthe hotel guests were business travelers?
A. 364,400 
C. 348,640
B. 360,400 
D. 344,320
40. What is a primary advantage of using Internet surveys to collect marketing information?
A. Less confusing for respondents 
C. Immediate data capture
B. Easy to conduct follow up 
D. High degree of interviewer influence
41. If 60 people respond to a questionnaire and 20 answer "A," 20 answer "B," and 20 answer "C,"what is the median?
A. 60 
C. "C"
B. "A" 
D. "B"
42. What can business professionals do during oral presentations to ensure their audiences'understanding of marketing-research findings?
A. Speak very slowly 
C. Include humor whenever possible
B. Repeat minor points 
D. Use clear, concise language
43. West Lake Yacht Club wishes to increase membership and has placed several advertisementsin local boating magazines and brochures. This advertising increase is an example of
A. promotion. 
C. publicity.
B. pricing. 
D. production.
44. Which of the following is a characteristic of travel and tourism marketing:
A. Controlled by society 
C. Locally organized
B. Unaffected by technology 
D. Highly competitive
45. How can properties use the information found in guest history records?
A. To schedule payment plans 
C. To recruit new employees
B. To target specific markets 
D. To process room accounts
46. Wireless networks are now more common due to
A. government regulations requiring them. 
C. increased distribution of the workforce.
B. information overload. 
D. increased competition.
47. Which of the following is an umbrella term referring to any type of Internet transaction:
A. URL 
C. E-business
B. E-commerce 
D. Web site
48. Which of the following demonstrates the correct method to ensure that all words in a phraseare included in a web search:
A. "Confidence in itself is the secret of success"
B. [There is no tree that the wind has not shaken]
C. 'To be or not to be'
D. (Discipline is the most important part of success)
49. Which of the following forms of communication is the most efficient way to bring four coworkerswho are located in different cities together to simultaneously discuss a common business issue:
A. Voice mail 
C. Text messaging
B. Audio conferencing 
D. Facsimile
50. When Roger retrieved a client's information and dialed the phone number listed, he discoveredthe information was incorrect. This is an example of the importance of __________ records.
A. archived 
C. digital
B. quality 
D. required
51. Which of the following is an economic factor that businesses might identify as a result ofconducting an environmental scan:
A. Population shift 
C. Unemployment rate
B. Increased regulation 
D. Lifestyle adjustment
52. Hospitality businesses are developing strategies to accommodate niche markets. Skydivers arean example of a group in a growing segment called the _________ market.
A. environmental 
C. agritourism
B. adventure 
D. geotourism
53. Requiring employees to wear appropriate clothing on the job is one way that businesses canmaintain a(n)
A. industrial image. 
C. safe work environment.
B. comfortable atmosphere. 
D. sanitary facility.
54. A new cashier handled customer's purchases without noticing that the customer's signature didnot match the imprint from the charge card. Which of the following kinds of security precautions mighthave prevented this loss to the business:
A. Pilferage prevention 
C. Burglary prevention
B. Fraud prevention 
D. Robbery prevention
55. Before selecting the right people to work on a project, it is important to identify the
A. tangible resources. 
C. required supplies.
B. needed skills. 
D. physical facilities.
56. A business converts inputs into outputs through its ___________ activities.
A. production 
C. marketing
B. management 
D. accounting
57. Which of the following is a way that employees can help to control expenses by managing theirwork:
A. Reading magazines 
C. Leaving early
B. Taking long breaks 
D. Meeting deadlines
58. Jordan is in charge of a project that involves several vendors, so he must keep track of theinvoices to make sure that the project is within budget. From which department would Jordan obtaincopies of the invoices relating to the project:
A. Inventory control 
C. Accounts payable
B. Sales 
D. Service
59. What do businesses often develop in order to properly maintain their equipment and physicalfacilities?
A. Regular housekeeping plan 
C. Ongoing security measures
B. Routine landscaping service 
D. Continual inspection program
60. Why is it important for business employees to remain calm when confronted by an armedrobber?
A. Because the silent alarm automatically activates and notifies authorities
B. So they do not put themselves or others in additional danger
C. Because the management requires the staff to refuse to cooperate with thieves
D. So they can use company procedures to distract the robber and avoid the robbery
61. Which of the following security measures is often found in lodging establishments:
A. Metal detectors 
C. Electronic key cards
B. Radio frequency tags 
D. Property management system
62. Individuals can improve their chances of making a good first impression on others by
A. doing all the talking. 
C. using street slang in conversation.
B. sitting up straight. 
D. wearing dressy clothes at all times.
63. Which of the following actions is least likely to help you achieve a goal:
A. Keeping a written record of your progress 
C. Asking your friends if the goal is worthwhile
B. Setting a time limit for achieving the goal 
D. Developing a plan of things to do
64. Rob decides that he really can't know if Patrick will help him unless he asks, so he decides todo so. Which step of the seven-step problem-solving method does this situation illustrate?
A. Select and implement a solution 
C. Define the problem
B. Evaluate the solution 
D. Brainstorm possible solutions
65. What should people ignore when they are polishing and refining their ideas in order to makethem work?
A. Logical questions 
C. Negative comments
B. Personal suggestions 
D. Industry feedback
66. Should a job applicant let the interviewer know at the end of an initial job interview that s/hewould like to have the job?
A. No, the applicant should wait for the interviewer to offer the job.
B. Yes, the applicant can expect to be hired during the interview.
C. Yes, the applicant should say that s/he would really like to be hired.
D. No, the applicant will seem to be too anxious to find a job.
67. Which of the following is a service that is provided by some professional organizations in thetravel and tourism industry:
A. Training 
C. Marketing
B. Counseling 
D. Interviewing
68. The hospitality industry consists of __________ businesses.
A. destination planning, financial, and fine dining
B. lodging, transportation, and fine dining
C. prepared food, entertainment, and lodging
D. entertainment, destination planning, and prepared food
69. An example of price in the hospitality industry is the amount a guest pays for
A. one night at an all-inclusive resort. 
C. transportation to a full-service hotel.
B. dinner in a hotel's main dining room. 
D. a sightseeing trip arranged by a concierge.
70. Communicating the core values of products is an effective way to
A. analyze the sales operation. 
C. reinforce a business's image.
B. explain the price structure. 
D. create a distribution channel.
71. If a one-pound box of spaghetti yields eight side dishes, how many boxes should a restaurantpurchase in order to prepare 100 sides?
A. 13 
C. 12
B. 10 
D. 8
72. Which of the following examples illustrates the concept of product in the hospitality industry:
A. A conference center making reservations at other properties
B. A bed and breakfast advertising private baths and a fireplace in each room
C. A resort promoting that it treats guests like family
D. A cruise ship providing a list of rental car agencies located at ports-of-call
73. Some properties make it easier for guests to get to and from their destinations by providing_________ services.
A. bell staff 
C. concierge
B. valet 
D. shuttle
74. A hospitality business adding a line of suite hotels to increase its product depth is an exampleof a product
A. enhancement. 
C. feature.
B. outsource. 
D. extension.
75. A business with a limited promotional budget could benefit from choosing a vendor that
A. pretickets goods. 
C. offers exchange privileges.
B. provides sales training. 
D. provides advertising aids.
76. Which of the following is a characteristic of most online banner advertisements:
A. Productive 
C. Selective
B. Restrictive 
D. Interactive
77. An e-mail that allows the reader to click on certain text and be transported to a specific web siteis using
A. address books. 
C. gateways.
B. hyperlinks. 
D. mailing lists.
78. When using color for billboard advertising, it is best to use
A. a variety of primary and secondary hues. 
C. a pastel color scheme.
B. primary colors. 
D. excessive variations of tones and tints.
79. What type style looks like cursive handwriting and is often used to communicate shortmessages that have a formal feel?
A. Novelty 
C. Sans serif
B. Script 
D. Roman
80. What color harmonies tend to stimulate intense emotion and energy?
A. Blue, green, and purple 
C. Black, blue, and yellow
B. Red, yellow, and orange 
D. Orange, green, and white
81. An effective advertisement headline should
A. criticize the competition. 
C. eliminate the need for additional copy.
B. indicate a benefit. 
D. offer a guarantee.
82. What is a good tip to follow when developing effective copy for mobile advertisements?
A. Include coupons 
C. Use symbols
B. Make it vague 
D. Keep it short
83. An important purpose of checking a business's advertising proofs is to
A. determine how long the ad should be run. 
C. compare the ad with competitors' ads.
B. make sure the firm's name is correct. 
D. select the media that will present the ad.
84. As an element of its public-relations program, a travel agency decides to support the localcommunity's literacy initiatives. Which of the following would be the most appropriate activity for the travelagency to implement:
A. Sponsoring a blood drive at a local high school
B. Providing a college scholarship
C. Organizing a 5-K to raise funds for cancer research
D. Donating books to local elementary schools
85. Tony owns a charter fishing boat business on the Outer Banks of North Carolina. Which of thefollowing web sites would you recommend for Tony to place a pay-per-click advertisement:
A. www.surfboardsusa.net 
C. www.redlobster.com
B. www.obxbaitandtackle.com 
D. www.whitewaterrafting.net
86. Which of the following are the basic factors that should be included in the first paragraph of agood news release:
A. Sales promotion, publicity, personal selling, advertising
B. Product, price, place, promotion
C. Attention, interest, desire, action
D. Who, what, where, when, why
87. When planning special events, which of the following must be considered:
A. Customers' likes and dislikes 
C. Markups planned for products
B. Scheduling strategy to use with the media 
D. Brands to be offered
88. Pedro's Grill is ready to roll out its Caribbean summer menu. One way to prepare therestaurant for the rollout is by
A. placing tropical-themed tent cards on each table.
B. sending a newsletter to trade publications.
C. requiring all employees to wear red sweaters to work.
D. hiring a jazz musician to entertain guests.
89. The best type of display for a hotel coffee shop to use to protect freshly baked desserts whilestill promoting their sales is a(n) __________ display.
A. open 
C. closed
B. island 
D. end cap
90. Which of the following should be done to maintain a display:
A. Display props and fixtures should be dusted.
B. Display background paper should be changed.
C. Signs in the displays should be replaced.
D. Old staples from the display should be removed.
91. An online travel business sends its clients an e-mail message about a special that it is offeringfor a five-day Caribbean cruise. This is an example of
A. distribution. 
C. operations management.
B. product/service management. 
D. promotion.
92. Hotels and motels often attract guests by advertising a combination rate that includes a roomand a special activity such as a concert, play, or sports event. This is an example of a(n)
A. incentive rate. 
C. rack rate.
B. package plan. 
D. corporate plan.
93. Which of the following items would a travel agency display to promote travel to a Mexicanbeach destination:
A. Sombrero, poster of Cancun, beach towel, and sunglasses
B. Sunglasses, maracas, poster of Athens, and beach towel
C. Sunscreen, brochures of the Bahamas, sunglasses, and maracas
D. Sailboat model, sunscreen, Eiffel Tower poster, and sombrero
94. When hotel-restaurant guests are given an opportunity to study the menu before a servercomes to take their order, which characteristic of a good sales approach is being applied:
A. Sincere and friendly 
C. Enthusiastic
B. Respectful and courteous 
D. Properly timed
95. Which of the following is good advice for a salesperson to follow when questioning customers:
A. Discourage the customer from asking questions
B. Ask personal questions
C. When stock is limited, ask more questions
D. Use pauses between questions
96. What should salespeople do if they discover that a different product will better meet acustomer's needs than the one originally requested?
A. Respond to an objection 
C. Prepare a demonstration
B. Question for information 
D. Recommend a substitute
97. A hotel restaurant waiter/waitress should present the check to the customer when s/he
A. has served all the desserts. 
C. has served the entrees.
B. feels the time is right. 
D. is sure the customer wants nothing more.
98. Why is it important for salespeople to find out something about their customers before trying tosell them a good or service?
A. To develop personal relationships 
C. To ask for information
B. To make conversation 
D. To address their needs
99. Which of the following is a factor that often motivates people to choose a certain traveldestination:
A. Methods of promotion 
C. Level of maintenance
B. Actions of competitors 
D. Recommendations of friends
100. What level of management is responsible for establishing company objectives, selectingstrategies for reaching goals, and providing leadership for the company?
A. First-level management 
C. Middle management
B. Executive management 
D. Supervisory management